boom and we're live what's up brother
how are you man Joe Rogan I am so happy
to be here I'm so happy to see you
fuck you've gone through a journey oh
man since the last time I see is -
yesterday was one year from your heart
transplant anniversary exactly one year
and Joe if I told you it was easy I'd be
lying but man it was so worth the
journey ain't even funny
what does it feel like right now like
have another person's heart in your body
what does that feel like well a lot of
times it feels like I actually did die
and this is just a dream you know man
right now yep
Wow this is I think this this would be
my heaven you look great you're still
jacked
no no losing any weight oh yeah yeah
yeah but I mean you still you're still
jacked
you still got muscles you know this is
such a fall from where I was you know I
really appreciate that though but that I
you know I look at myself now and it's
just you know fragmented what I used to
be but you know I'm still here that's
what's so important to me well the
ridiculous thing you were doing you're
making videos of your working out like
getting ready and after your heart a
heart operation just you have a heart
transplant and you're running in a
parking lot you trip and fall okay I'm
like Jesus man slow down
yeah yeah you just decided that you were
just gonna start pushing from the
beginning well actually my brain was
ready but my body was did they warn you
about doing that did they say it was
okay told me that you know the game yes
and walk and you know me I'm like that
walks yeah I can run at least my mind
should I could run right
what does it feel like though like when
you like what is the difference between
the way your heart feels now it's night
and day you know before I got the
transplant it got really bad you know
really bad
flatline two more times you know before
the actual transplant it was I couldn't
go through one another flatline I mean
that would have been it but the
difference now I mean it feels I only
see a flatline like your heart stops yes
uh-huh
whoa and what did they do to start it
back up again okay after had this last
heart attack they asked me to say mr.
Fosse do you want us to put in a
pacemaker and I mean I thought about it
a lot because my brother my older
brother Walt had a pacemaker installed
before he passed away and his pacemaker
was actually going off when he when he
died so I'm like man I didn't really do
any good for him so I was like going
back and forth from and then you know
this something the voice said yeah go
and get it and so I told me I put it in
and pacemaker saved me Wow
so it went flat like so your heart gave
up and then the what does the pacemaker
do exactly it's like a defibrillator you
know I think they have the paddles to
give you electric shock you know that's
that's what the pacemaker does just give
you a little notes on the inside you
know inside is connected directly to
your heart why on that sucker flatlines
it give you a jolt Wow yeah did you feel
it no no I was I was dead oh you did you
don't feel nothing so you'd blocked out
- oh it's not a blackout or like you're
those offering you're sleepy death is
totally different totally different and
you I knew that I was dead before I died
before a flatline I was just being my
wife and at home and I was talking her
just like I'm talking to you and the
next thing all the lights went out it
was like one of those old-fashioned TVs
I don't know if you're old enough to
remember these black and white tegu yeah
yeah that's exactly how it was just a
tiny tiny pinprick of light and you know
that that's it it's no you know you you
absolutely know that this is it and it's
not you know this is the irreversible
and you know that it's this is death and
not just you not just doze it off yeah
you know did you have a near-death
experience I everything the only thing
you have to only thing I had time to say
was I had time to call my wife's name
but I mean when they say things rush you
know everything is like this is it this
is it you know not gonna be able to do
this anymore not gonna get this is it
this is it the final finalization of
everything hits you like you know this
is it you know this is the final thing
this is your last moment on earth and
you know it it's clear and I'm like what
do you do be hard to do was say my
wife's name that was it that was it so
the pacemaker kicks in and then yeah and
it was so that's a damn good description
I mean it was like I thought I felt like
that I had been asleep for hours it was
the best most peaceful restful time of
my entire life
Wow and in just a short moment it felt
like I had been asleep you know for a
time so rested so well rested so in my
wife told me it was just a short period
of telling but it felt like I had been
asleep for eight hours so this happened
twice yes
the second time was in the hospital oh
yeah Wow
so they tell you okay mr. Fletcher we
have a heart for you yeah they call me
like 240 in the morning I think so you
have to get in there right now no no I
had hours before I had to actually be at
the hospital I said baby at the hospital
thing like six or seven oh boy
I was happy and sad when I got the call
I was happy for myself because I didn't
think I could go through another
flatline but I was sad for the door
and Don's family yeah I knew somebody
had to pass away in order for me to get
that heart so I felt real bad about that
so they put it in you you wake up what
does that feel like it felt like being
born again a rebirth another try another
go at life Wow
yeah I get another start another chance
at it I said ain't over Wow so from the
moment this they have to open you up oh
yeah they do that chest spreader thing
and what is all that like well of course
I you out yeah but when you wake up you
look down you're covered with stitches
right I mean it must be a giant scar
right no it's they are so good now that
you know I have a scar but consider
didn't it's my second time being split
open you know the first time in five
when they put a metal valve him I
flatlined during that operation three
times on you know on the table during
the the operation itself so I mean
flatline you know five flatlines I think
I'm at my limit man so I seen the scars
they had to take the pace the pacemaker
out they took the metal valve out of the
well they took the old heart had two
metal Favell and it took the heart out
they put in a new heart and it's just
and it's unbelievable it's before a
shower would kill me if I took a shower
I'd be done for the rest of the day a
shower yeah
I shall we kill me for the rest of the
day and I had a seat in the shower you
know hold it how would a shower kill you
oh man it was that that amount of
physical activity and you know how you
know you people take taking a child for
granted but that amount of physical
activity would kill not be white oh just
for Washington yes for the rest of the
day man it was so you were hanging by
well yeah definitely death well it was
you know kill me you know and my wife
was opening jars for me yeah Here I am
former bench press world champion and I
got my wife hey baby cuz you open this
jelly jar for me Wow yeah it's humbling
humbling very big big time
how long did you have to stay in the
hospital for um we went in the hospital
not very long I mean we got out of we
went straight to in intensive care they
keep you there for like three days but I
think I was probably released within two
weeks total Wow yeah and then are you
using a walker or you walking fine like
well I would say I was walking fine but
I was walking just walking slowly Oh
big-time big-time slowly yeah I was
crawling alone Wow and how long did it
take to you for you to get to where
you're at like now like now I'd have no
idea that you had a heart transplant
really well I appreciate that you know
when I saw you me you look very happy
oh I am happy you look like go ahead I'm
extremely happy just to be alive when
you come that close to dying I mean
every day is just a blessing many people
ask me are you doing CT I'm blessed man
I'm so I got no complaint with gently
plus oh yes no complaints whatsoever I
think I would hug Joe I'm so happy
because we you know that I was on we
talked about me needing a transplant and
I needed to transplant it now back I had
it the first six months were rough yeah
the first six months after it was like
how soft the jelly jar opening a jelly
jar just not being able to do you know
normal things the first thing I tried to
do was walk so they had me walk around I
guess a city block and then a city block
so when I first tried to walk around a
city block I'd have to stop probably 12
13 times and take a seat and get up and
try to walk and it was it was killing me
and my wife would slow down she slowed
down and walked with me and I flew it
was such a struggle I'm like you know
what I don't give a damn I longer take
me I'm gonna make you go ahead I'm gonna
make it keep keep going and what kind of
activity are you out they will do now a
year later I am lifting again but very
lightly I'm able to do you know the
machines and stuff women 10 I think I've
been able to do that for the last two
months
so when you say lightly is this by
doctor's orders oh yeah that that I
can't do anything
you know without them approving it first
yeah I accept the run in the park about
getting approved my mom was like okay
you can do it
my body was like leave me out this month
yeah so what what holds you back in
terms of like lifting weights like why
do you have to go light and my strength
is just nowhere near what it used to be
the strength is still you know I can
tell that you know I have a long way to
go but you know just to be able to do
anything so I get I kidding me I do it I
do what I can
that's why I tell people all the time if
you can't you know do what you want to
do at least get in and do what you can
do yeah it's better than doing nothing
yeah so now do they have you on
medication to make sure that the heart
doesn't get rejected by your body most
definitely and people are out there
who've had transplants I know that
they're like oh man yeah I take about
twenty one different medications and
yeah 21 different Medicare and with the
side effects of the stuff they used to
be worse but now you know my feet are
swollen pretty much every day something
and make it kind of kick smart our
varieties I have our fliers to kind of
kicks in with tolls are stiff you know
pretty much every day but
when I compare the side effects to the
what could possibly happen which is deaf
the side effects ain't shit I'll take
them now will you have to take this
medication forever it gets less less and
less when I go back this month back up
to Palo Alto where they did the
transplant they're gonna take off about
four or five different medications so
I'm a year out now they're glass and
then further you get out the less
medication they're thinking eventually
we'll get down to two or three well
you'll always have to take something oh
yeah definitely and is this because your
body doesn't understand why it has
someone's heart in it um for a while
that's that in the beginning that's why
I'm taking 21 now it's because you know
to keep the chances that rejection down
why do I bother ejected understand yeah
well it wasn't the one that she was born
with right that's a foreign you know a
foreign heart and I really want to talk
to you about that heart what I know
about it it's a woman's heart right yeah
so you know you know I was gonna drop a
bomb very good yeah
woman it but I tell you that that threw
me for a loop
yeah and I was you know you know I'm
always talking about how strong my faith
is and you know I'm faith faith faith
faith and a Superman of faith and I
could have so much faith - nothing can
faze me you know I went into the
operation hey I'll see you guys on the
other side of this because you know I
got I know I'm gonna be oh I got so much
faith that you know I'm gonna get
through this so I'm gonna see you guys
but when the doctor came in and told me
that I had a woman's heart that sucked
the shit out of my phone because I had
to understudy you know I've looked at
you know studied on this that the
survival rate of male to female and it
wasn't good the states I had read it
wasn't good when they do female to me
I'm sorry female to male the chance not
kid and I was like everything I read
said it's not a good thing
comes in and says yep you got a woman's
heart and she wasn't that much younger
than you are
well uh dad that you know sod man yeah
testing my faith big time how did she
die I have no idea I have no idea but
the thing I have feelings and I haven't
talked to the family I would love to I
don't know anything about it but I have
these feelings and I really would like
to know if what I'm feeling is right you
know I really want to meet the family
and let them you know let them know that
I'm out here doing everything I can to
raise donor awareness and that their
mother or their wife or her sister or
the I didn't die in vain and then I'm
doing my absolute best to carry on and
let people know that you know she was a
donor and that is so utterly important
for people to donate did you give the
gift of life what are these feelings are
you having I have feelings that for some
reason I can see that I feel like she
was the oriental lady and I you know I
don't know why but I really have
feelings like that and I feel like I can
see this woman telling her husband you
know I see we get home from work and
making plans with her kids for the
weekend and I had no idea if this is
right or not why I just had those
feelings are they recurring
yes and you do like do you remember it
like a memory it it's like I get to look
into her you know her existence or her
life and I and you know I have no I I
could be totally wrong she could be a
Jamaican lady but I have no idea if I'm
in the ballpark or not I just had this
feeling I just have a feeling
wow do you have any unusual cravings or
anything like I don't think no I don't
think I have anything that I do talk to
her and I feel like that you know when
when like when I was walking around and
I'm trying to make it around their block
I would often ask her for help to help
me make it around the apply you know I
talked to her a lot
Wow come on Lady I need to he'll give a
name for I just can't wait Wow wow
that's crazy
Superman thing captain has a lady's
heart now when you say that the it's not
the results aren't good for lady hearts
in male bodies yeah what did you say
that's a doctor yeah I'm a doctor
so um it's so funny I don't even know if
the doctor supposed because it was his
one doctor he would come in am young guy
and you come in every day how you doing
mr. Fletcher and I obviously I'm blessed
I don't care when I woke up from the
transplant I consider every second after
that a blessing it's borrowed time I
mean I wasn't supposed to be here so I
my answers always I'm blessed
so you mean you are you know sir I'm
blessed him but he said you know what
you're gonna change that
and I go no doc it's nothing you could
say it's gonna make me change my answer
I'm gonna always be blessed no matter
what you say he said you think you're
doing really good don't you yeah I think
I'm alive yeah I think I'm doing good
I walked around this hospital corridor I
think I'm doing really good
he said you're not you're doing about
what you're supposed to be doing and you
have a woman's heart and it's too small
for you and she was almost your age it's
too small yeah he told me that the heart
was too small and his lady was I was
fifty eight or nine and fifty nine cuz
I'll be sixty on June 8th so he says too
small and you're not you know you're not
doing anything extraordinary
just doing average and she's you're a
colonel a man for the rest of the day I
was fucked I was fucking my man I was
you know God why did you do this to me
why did you kill me a woman sir and I
old woman attack why could you give me a
tea
well I mean why God I was questioning
why did you do this to me
did you ask him what you mean the doctor
or God the doctor very nasty doctor but
my doctor did come in and I didn't you
know I'm sorry I did ask the doctor I
asked her I said God why why can't be
now I am dude I had tears in my eyes
because this was you know I might fuck I
got another her but I go last long right
I'm gonna be out of here so it was you
know it was fucking with me and the
doctor um I asked her died of why I mean
why and she looked me in the eye balls
door and she said mr. Fetzer we didn't
want you to die it's just that simple
we didn't want you to die you know that
was what was available that was what was
available it was a healthy heart and I
needed one bad you know well that heart
grow to match your body
it already has really it is the proper
size that it's it did yes
and the doctor that told me was too
small is the one who told me that he had
grown to the proper size Wow so why does
it grow cuz it recognized it was in a
bigger body Joe I you know that's on the
physical if you look at it physically
and probably you know what a rational
mind that would probably it realized
that it had to adapt to it largely but
I'm gonna look credit to God because
that's just me so cuz he came back too
fast I mean it was like a week later and
said it's already the size you should be
a week later a week after later before I
left the hospital he was telling me that
it's already decided should be Jesus and
I said see doc I told you I'm blessed
man I thought doesn't make any sense
I know what did he say did the doctor
say it doesn't make any sense to your
own
that's a normal thing yeah III have no
idea why I have no idea if it's a normal
thing and not but you know I mean I'm
getting crab Wow another miracle thank I
just say that question guy and I my
answer was what did I I got back was was
simple he said if I gave you a 18 year
old Olympic athletes heart CT and you
recovered was doing well then people are
gonna say that that's why they got an 18
year old Olympic gold medal his heart
and you're able to recover him stuff
because of this mm-hmm but if I take the
old lady's heart that's too small and
that not you're not supposed to be able
to come back and do these things with
this heart then they're gonna have to
give me a little credit
he said I have a habit of taking the
least of the least and lowest of the low
and making something out of it and I see
you know let me share it wouldn't be
that impressive right it would be a
miracle if I eat no fools it's a
wonderful heart but because I'm God I'm
gonna take this heart and give it to you
and you don't still do all those things
so shut up CT that's okay that's good
now when you're exercising now and you
just are you pushing or you just get
into a point where you just feel a
little tired and you back off no so
Rosie I can't help but push - I know
that's what I'm asking like yeah you
know I give I give her I give everything
I got yeah I can't help any matter do
you feel weird when your heart starts
beating heavy or should I say her start
her heart yeah her heart starts beating
pretty fast and you know I don't feel
weird I feel like it's something I've
done my whole life and I'm just glad to
be back
able to do you know some of what I used
to do is just I feel good you know I
still talk to it oh come on baby I'm
sure through this sadly
and now you feel a building up like you
feel like every month or so you get
stronger
definitely yeah definitely I feel that
longer that it's in the lungs that the
heart is anything more it feels like you
know it's that's where it should be you
know my body adapts and how long does a
heart transplant usually survive in a
person well I think they're the longest
at this point it's close to 40 years 40
years
Wow you don't know why not I wanna you
know I never expected I said On June 8th
I'll be 60 I never expected to make it
to 40 so go really really yeah I never I
never expected to me I expected to die
young so I'm Way past where I thought I
would make it anyway
this is a book why'd you think you're
gonna die young oh man I never had I
wanted to be my always always my and I
wanted to be the the skyrocket man she's
brilliant like this shoot brilliant
burst and then I thought that would be
the perfect ending just go for it go for
it go for it go for it and explode a
dead motherfucker but he he was
something else when he was alive happy
with that's what you thought yeah Wow
yeah now you gotta settle in to be alive
right now and every day is a blessing
yeah yeah so why isn't 40 years a
blessing it would be a blessing but I
mean you know I would be I don't want to
be around where um I don't want be a
burden on anybody and I think 100 man
you know somebody else got to take care
of you wipe your ass yeah you gotta wear
diapers and shit
I don't know if I wouldn't want to be
around to be a burden on somebody yeah
yeah yeah I know what you mean but right
now you're not a burden
I hope Matt no I think my wife might
disagree oh but you're moving around man
I mean like I said if I didn't know I
would have no idea well I appreciate and
even though I know you must have lost
some muscle you still if I just met you
I believe this is a Jacke dude really
yeah you still got the size your arms
man there's still huge
I don't think so prepared to what they
used to be that's why I don't I don't
think that's kind of stuff don't even
matter that much to me anymore right I'm
sure you have a new lease on life
oh yeah big time what matters you know
that the end really important things are
cause my family
I'm and spreading donor awareness is so
important there's so many people died
just waiting to get a heart you know
them on the list they're 21 I think 21
people with date passed away just
waiting trying to get in I was so
fortunate so blessed to be able to get
one that I want to try to make sure that
other people get one too so whatever I
can do to try to raise awareness what is
the problem by people putting that
they'll donate their organs oh yeah it's
so simple it's you can do it online now
only I was like the California you can't
I don't know about other states but in
California you can do it all online you
know and through the DMV and get your
diet on driver's license and I want to
be a donor and I mean you can't take the
stuff with you no way no people get
paranoid - I've heard people say I'm
worried about doing that because what if
they don't resuscitate me because they
need someone to get a heart or a liver
or something like I really don't think
that's what doctors weren't no no it's
it's uh you know I had a i hunger you
know when I first got my driver I was
sixteen years old and actually didn't
want to be a donor I'm like no oh I'm
taking everything that guy gave me
Whitney
uh-uh no ain't don't make nothing but he
know time brings about a change man get
a little older with more wisdom and if I
can got something somebody else can use
definitely most definitely take it my
mother and all nine of her brothers and
sisters all passed away from heart yeah
so it's just something that's in your
family oh yeah as forgiving my older
brother walk passed away just a couple
years ago from congestive heart failure
another complication so heart problems
are run big time in the foot your friend
that's a crazy one right that does run
in families
yeah it is crazy yeah but it's reality
yeah so now um do you what kind of diet
do they have you on a very clean and I
guess I had my my kids crack up at us
I'm a presbyterian but actually that's
that's pescetarian a fish a fish you
know vegetables and it's no bullshit
yeah no bullshit no time for bullshit no
time for Bulls it's exactly right niggas
trying coffee time is precious no I used
to but the caffeine and doctors don't
like beer and caffeine yeah the magic
yeah so rest must be very important for
you too
yeah yeah I think I get plenty of it
yeah it is
what other things that make sure that
you do the diet has to be on point have
to take my medication they don't want me
to you know do too much strenuous
activities they had limited me I
wouldn't I was not able to travel out of
the country until yesterday so yes so at
one-year anniversary that's when they
give you the green light yeah man I can
go all over what did they say when they
saw you run in the parking lot and fall
down all my doctors and
you know the offset CT what we think
except one except one my cardiologist
and he said you know what CT I'm not
gonna lecture you like everybody else
did you already know that they should
have done that but man I am so proud of
you
they say you have inspired me to start
working out again
wow that was dr. Salam dr. Stromm if you
listening thank you
he was the only one who didn't condemn
me how far out was that for the surgery
when he fell down three months mine was
like gold
yeah well that's that mentality that you
have you know I would imagine that's
very hard to adjust
yeah his big time I am from being
neighborly it would be the same for you
you're active guy kicking the shit out
of bags of stuff old lightening foot
over it and then you know and you think
it is not being able to raise your leg
yeah or throw a punch man I'll be
walking around and Grocery something
like man with my wife I'm like nobody
fucks with ya how would you feel if some
eye you thinking man so my fuckin you
can't even punch so anything you can't
do nothing you'd be helpless that's man
that is hard too I swear
little old ladies have - oh yeah super
hard now just gonna get beat up got no
defense that's a terrible thing that's a
terrible thing but awfully humbling mmm
yeah and you really realize you know
just how and your whole life you live
for strength you know I've been a strong
name my whole life and then all of a
sudden all of that is taken away
and you just you know fucking invalidity
and you're just week is it's very hard
mentally to deal with but you passed
that now yes now you're just in what
what how would you categorize like how
you feel right now I categorize my my
emotional feelings as being probably
better than ever
really yes I see things in such a
different light after coming that close
to time the things that I thought were
important just don't even matter like
what I used to I give you one example
you know people I used to tell Paul King
you asked me about this last time I was
on the show and I tell people and they
say was about the steroids steroids and
I'll see takers I tell them the same
thing that I've been saying for fucking
25 years and magazine articles and stuff
I tried them yes I tried them when I was
young and then work for me I stopped
taking many many years with nobody
nobody like people don't believe they
don't believe that and they'll tell me
all your foolish shit CT you're lying
and I realize out of that and so that
used to bother the fuck out of me why
I'd be arguing with people online it
said fuck out take your goddamn test any
time any 24 hours day you can test me
I'm fucking I'll tell you what I'll give
you 10,000 bucks if I fail your drug
test all you got to do is get off
fucking social media nobody ever took
that bro but I don't give a fuck if
people say I take steroids now who cares
right I don't care just now it's a
fucking compliment
do you you don't still go back and forth
and argue with people online oh no no
not anymore
you know I sure did
oh shit I would die with jump on them in
a minute I used to see you doing it oh
shit oh man Joe because that was my
mentality yeah attack attack bettan hit
me I'm gonna hit you back buddy it's
your heart that's best all the apps oh
yeah well you know I do too all caps you
talk to me but you're yelling you're
yelling Susie but I can't have seat so I
make it all cap so I can read what I'm
right I said can you actually hear that
can actually hear that these those work
your fucking mouth it's you got spidey
sense me one of the most humbling things
about getting older is the vision going
oh yeah I've known it like from when I
was like 42 I started to notice it and
by the time I was 46 it's like god damn
and I think I need glasses yeah yeah cuz
I would just try to like read the
computer and I'd be doing this with my
eyes like bulging my eyes and squinting
and trying to look at it sideways and
try to see what the fuck I was rates a
weird thing it's like oh boy my ability
to see the world is fading it happens
yeah it was do the best things but it's
a warning sign like hey man this is you
know this is a finite existence yep Oh
get some shit done right yeah
now right now don't wait tell me waiting
time is such a precious commodity
billionaires you cannot buy one second
no one second of life yeah can't do it
no it's oppressive anything that you're
thinking about doing you've been putting
off my advice is to get the step and get
the to an exit right now get after it
don't put it off any longer get it done
so do you feel like you're like Ct
Fletcher 2.0 definitely a new dude a new
dude with a new attitude yeah no money
or again I tell the guys I used to argue
it online hey I love you did you hate me
all you want to I love ya I ain't got
time for hate yeah
racism a big guy got time under that
it's all foolishness it's so much
bullshit in just a waste of time it
ain't even funny
yeah I might look if the in the
transplant experience enhanced my view
I've always said we're all the same
under the bar my mom taught me love
everybody but look they took I have no
idea the nationality or race of the
donor it don't matter
I hope you're right if you're right it's
an Asian woman I think that would be
fantastic and you could feel that that
you would know that and you could feel
it man we might be something be amazing
I gotta find out how can you find out
i I don't I have no idea I want that
hopefully they're listening to the door
open okay well why don't you give him
some details like when what day did it
happen and what like where did the they
tell you where the donor came from no
part of the country you know I I know
that the heart was flown in mmm and I
actually you know my wife baby how crazy
is that it's something that took a heart
out of someone's body and they put it on
ice and ice and we actually she has
video the ice just you know me going
into the room and then dice just come
following right afterwards yeah that's
so crazy it is crazy it's I mean it's
when I was a kid it would be like dr.
Frankenstein yeah you know yeah they
didn't start doing it to 68 I was born
59 so you know why they did heart
transplants in 68 Wow yeah 1960 they've
done a long time
but when I like say when I was a kid
would have been like dr. Frank's died he
told me something like that was possible
I was at all hell you're crazy you're
just making you have the science fiction
but it most it most certainly is
possible do you think they're gonna be
able to grow your own heart yeah they're
working on that right now
I mean growing your own heart with stem
cells yeah and I you know it's gonna
happen which is just crazy
yeah it is going to happen
I have no doubt yeah they've already
grew a woman's bladder
the woman had bladder cancer and they
grew her a new bladder yeah replaced her
bladder yep so the hearts coming yeah
it's coming man yeah they're already
working on I think they're 3d see if you
can find Jamie they're 3d printing a
human heart and they think that they're
going to be able to get to a point where
they have a working model of a human
heart like wow yeah and and put your
heart in your body of freshy which is
just so crazy that yeah he's crazy
and how about for people who are
amputees and things along those lines so
limbs with your own limb actually grow
you a limb yeah here it is the first 3d
printed heart made up of living human
cells yeah yeah man let's thank God is
people smarter than us oh yeah that that
is a heart made by universities Tel Aviv
University a heart the size of a rabbit
marks the first time an entire heart has
been 3d printed so that's a tiny one
right now but complete with living cells
blood vessels ventricles and chambers
intact
that is incredible mini heart can
contract but it can't yet pump out blood
so they're working on all those
different variables I guess but man in
that incredible look at that doing it
with 3d printing machine like 3d
printing machines freak me the fuck out
like there that's the future they're
gonna be able to make things yeah look
at that look how that works if you folks
who haven't seen this this is what the
future it's on CNET comm you can google
it and just watch the video of them
actually creating this it is
unbelievably fascinating so did you look
at the heart before they put it in you
did you get a chance to see it no no I
know I was out yeah I was out by that
time
Wow nope then look at it and so you wake
up you lights come back on yep
and doctors area wife's there yep
doctors there my wife's there and it was
you know a new day and I was like I want
I kind of wanted I kind of wanted to say
and I told you so yeah that was a that's
hilarious
told you so it was a funny thing to say
when you come back from a heart
transplant
I mean because you would be you would be
surprised it how would be so funny
though if you did say soldiers oh it was
so many I got so many people and I it
was overwhelming support but I got quite
a few well too many for me messages at
the ends and I hope you don't make and I
hope you die and yeah I wish we did
already know stuff like that
do you feel um sorry for those people no
oh yeah most definitely now yeah I do
you know stead of being angry yeah yeah
I choked the shit out of them but you
know now I mean you gotta be what what
is your in your existence must be pretty
pitiful for you to you know feel that
much hate for somebody that you don't
even know never met I just can't stand
so Rogan I hate him
I've never met him I never said - yeah
there's no happy people that are doing
that no it's so transparent you gotta be
pretty you know unbelievably miserable
is miserable
i'ma follow Joe Rogan says so I can talk
shit about him I don't get I wish
children was off the air but I'm
following every word he says because I
don't want to miss nothing the Joe Rogan
has to say but I hate them yeah makes no
sense meaning well it doesn't make sense
but a lot of people don't make sense
best people live their lives in just
very counterproductive ways and they
feel like as long as they've got
something they're excited about that
that's they're doing something even if
it's excited about hating you for no
reason I just I don't get it time is too
precious to waste don't hate it's just
foolish it's just there it's a foolish
way to
yeah need to activate they can take
livers and hearts and different organs
from any may Samaritan and switch them
around we're interchangeable Joe we're
interchangeable well we're all one thing
yeah the only thing that separates us is
the climate that we came from that's it
that's it so it it makes racism so
stupid tribalism is stupid it's probably
the conservative versus liberal that's
the southern versus northern that's due
it's you know Asian versus black
Pakistani stupid stupid if we are
interchangeable do we means that we are
that that they're right this that you
know we are one yeah we wouldn't be
interchangeable no it's this outer shit
that's on top this epidermis the skin
this stuff that you know defines this is
also what makes us interesting
it's what so foolish about it it's like
what's fascinating to me is that human
beings came from every single spot on
the earth yeah at one time they
originated in Africa and spread out all
over the land and adapt it to individual
environment when you meet someone from
Island they're white like paper yeah
that's just because there's no Sun exam
their body developed it's like a solar
panel for vitamin D they're like we got
to figure out I get fucking vitamin D
this black skinny cut yeah we don't need
this melanin because we're not
protecting herself from the Sun anymore
so they turned white just this did the
same exact thing Thanks they can take
that guy from island guy from African
and this guy needs a part and hey
sweetie this gentleman here and Graham
Hancock was on my podcast last week and
he's a brilliant brilliant guy but he
studies ancient civilizations and people
and one of the things that they're
studying now is the various
civilizations that we didn't even know
existed that existed in South America
are like huge multi-million size of
population civilizations in the Amazon
like 20 million people living in the
Amazon one point I'm and they think they
were wiped out by Spanish explorers and
European explorers that came over games
smallpox like the way that wiped out 90%
of the Native Americans they think the
same thing happened down there in the
Amazon it just they had huge cities down
there that European settlers had
reported on they were just wiped out but
the point is that we were everywhere
yeah it's all one thing it's all human
it is human race and the funny thing
about white people that are racist is
that especially like I have Neanderthal
DNA that's more primitive than Homo
Sapien DNA and it's only in white people
yeah like it's kind of funny that way
you know because white white racists
like they have to deal with the fact
that only white people carry that in the
and earth all shedding them yeah when do
you think I don't think that they would
find that a bad thing
neanderthal yeah no I think they'd be
here yes all right yeah well they
weren't smart enough to stick around for
whatever reason I don't even know why
you know they don't know if we out bred
them or we interbred with them or if we
wiped them out we don't even know
they're also finding new humans that
there's a human they found in Russia
called a Dennis I think it's called
Denisovan as I said and they just found
more bones of them in Tibet so they know
that these Russian people that was
totally distinct subspecies of human
traveled and traveled to Tibet
yeah and Neanderthals lived for half a
million years so they were around way
longer than Weaver we've only been
around I think for a couple hundred
thousand years right sapiens yeah so
they were around longer than us like by
a factor of like somewhere around 300
thousand years yeah all over the world
man just what a crazy animal we are we
just travel everywhere and find a spot
and adapt and that's right we make it
work yeah stay in a community so you
could help each other and live off each
other and adapt and unfortunately that's
where all tribalism comes from to that
we have this tight-knit group and
everybody else fuck everybody else it's
us versus them and that's inside of us
you know wouldn't it wouldn't it be
great
and this was I don't think that it's
wrong if you're a Italian guy I don't
think it's wrong to be very proud of
being Italian and if you're a Polish guy
I don't think it's wrong to be very
proud of being posed why can't I be
proud or why can't you be proud of being
whatever race you are you can be proud
of that but does that mean that I have
to hate another guy because he's not
know the race that I am you could be
proud of what you are and not hate
another guy for being different than
what you are how I would give dad a try
well I think the feeling that you got
from the second chance on life this
beautiful feeling of appreciation and
celebration of this existence that's
what we need to try to foster in people
you know when you try to like let people
know this is this is a temporary thing
man if you are lucky like we were
talking about a hundred years if you're
lucky you get 200 years I'm 51 I'm
halfway there right if I'm lucky if
everything works out perfect and it
probably isn't let's be honest I beat
the shit out of my body right so it's
probably not gonna do you want to make
it to be a hundred I'm I'm a science
nerd I'm fascinated by all these 3d
printed hearts and all this shit I won't
see what the fuck they can do I really
think and talking to guys like David
Sinclair and all these anti-aging
specialists I think they're on the verge
of being able to reverse aging that
they're treating aging like it's a
disease like it's a disease at the
cellular level instead of accepting it
and that like well you get older hey
you're gonna have to accept you can't do
as much body's not gonna work as well
why maybe that's not the case maybe if
they can correct certain things about
the human body maybe they can correct
that I think it's very likely that in
the future I don't think that's an
insurmountable this situation I think
they're gonna be able to correct what
happens to your body when it ages the
deterioration that's caused by the aging
process your body produces less hormones
your body starts to slow down
Alzheimer's all these different things I
think they're going to be able to
correct those things
Wow the problem with that is then what
we gonna live forever you're gonna be
happy living forever like what if when
you die it's amazing what if when you
die there really is a heaven
you really do really do go to some
spectacular dimension filled with love
and peace and and happiness and there's
no emotions like we think about here
there's no fear there's not none of the
things that hold people back none of the
anxiety and the angst it's just
consciousness and love and then you're
wasting time you're just trying to stay
alive taking pills to live to be a
million boy you open up big ask and
Warner's right well I will tell you Joe
without a shadow of a doubt
none whatsoever death is not the end you
don't think so
I know I know - how do you know because
I've been dead right yes I've been dead
what what about that experience cemented
in your head when I was like I said it
was the most peaceful and and I don't
feel like there's the most peace most
restful most I was I woke up laughing I
was yeah yeah I was overjoyed you woke
up laughs yeah I was overjoyed do you
remember anything about what happened
when you blacked out extra the the the
time I was extremely peaceful extreme I
didn't have a worried extreme and I was
not sad at all you know I was overjoyed
very happy very peaceful and it erased
any fear that I might have had and any
fear of dying is gone I don't feel good
at all
and so I maybe that's why I don't want
to live to be a hundred because it let
me I wouldn't
my vision in that place again man it was
so much peace so much and it wasn't like
you know this is you know I'm just in
the ground and I'm not a plant just dirt
mmm you know I know that I'm in a very
comfortable place and and you know I
wouldn't mind there's a Teaneck and it's
all different
I hold no fear that so when I say that
it's it's definitely not the end you're
I believe that your soul you know so
people have a different name for
consciousness of whatever
it's definitely eternal and it has how
else could you have these feelings or
emotions or you know have that that's
sort of comforting the feeling of
comfort and being in the right place if
something didn't continue cuz my life my
life was gone the essence of life my my
bindings you know gone it was gone
flatline dead with him I told my doctor
that time he said no you actually it's
called some kind of pause or some shit
like that and I'm saying look if I if
the pause lasted doc I wouldn't be
talking so I got you covered up all over
the world during that pause I was dead
so it's it was a wonderful feeling job
well I think with a guy like you
that's so physical and you've been so
physical your whole life the big fear is
to not be able to take care of yourself
or move like that's what we were talking
about when you guys talked about being a
hundred like having someone wipe your
ass and take care of you like that's the
big fear it's not death death is just
peaceful it's the end but the big fear
is the deterioration of the physical
body to the point where it's just
painful
everything is painful you can't go
anywhere you can't count on yourself
yeah it's it's very peaceful but I
definitely don't think it's the end I
think it's the beginning yeah yeah and
that's it's an overwhelming feeling like
I had I was able to peek over
to the other side and that it's definite
assurance that it's not the ends and
that there is something else on the
other side I have that assurance it's
able to peek it just peek into it well I
think we all have this feeling that we
are something other than our body most
definitely I mean III have that feeling
like I feel like there's like a little
ball of energy in there that moves this
thing around you're right that's what it
feels like
yeah that's what I always rejected their
label atheist like people say are you
religious I'm like I was when I was a
little kid I had to go to Catholic
school and I you know it did all that
jazz but my parents when I grew up were
hippies after that my mom split up for
my dad my mom shacked up with my
stepfather who's he's a hippie and there
was no no church after that but I'm not
an atheist
I'm not I don't know like I don't
believe anybody that says they know what
life is or what life means or what
happens when you die I want to hear your
opinions I want to hear your thoughts
but you don't know and anybody that says
they know what happens when they die I
know what happens when I die it'll be
black and and cold and that is the end
and just like there was nothing before
there'll be nothing at the end and like
you don't know that now you're just
saying that there is no God how do you
say that how do you say that well one
day what if you stand in front of God or
in in God's presence in some
non-physical form and then you're
weeping and in your arrogance and say
stating that there's no higher power
like it might be the the universe itself
might be God I mean we don't know
anything you we are strange little
monkey people living on this fucking
planet making things that alter our
environment moving around driving fly-in
talking to each other talking shit but
at the end of the day you're only aware
of what you've experienced right and
when you don't know that's like when
people have talked to several friends
I've had near-death experiences a very
good friend of mine she she was in a car
accident and she had a very similar
thing where she said it was so peaceful
yeah
she said you know they got I think they
got rear-ended and like really banged up
and when it felt like she was gonna die
she felt so peaceful
it's so true yeah I think a lot of
people that have come that close to
dying or a lot of them are gonna say the
same thing that they have no fear of
death and yeah it's it's erased
and you but you also have the feeling
that you know that this existence on
earth your physical body dies it's
definitely not the end the way she
describes it is exactly the way you do
it she's my manager and you know I talk
to her all the time the way she
describes things is essentially exactly
how you did that it's just so peaceful
I just felt just felt peaceful yeah but
not you know like like people who don't
believe that go yeah by the way anything
I said I'm not religious either yeah I
was raised super religious in a super
religious home by a Pentecostal heaven
and hell' brimstone fire and brimstone
preacher yeah they do the tongues oh yes
oh that's my favorite
and speaking of times everything
everything Wow everything was a sin
awesome Oh dancing dancing listen to
rock and roll music oh yeah oh yeah
everything was a sin so I think that's
really what drove me away from being a
religious person yeah I'm definitely not
I always say I'm a man of faith I have a
tremendous amount of faith but faith and
religion into different things a lot of
people confuse them yeah they talk about
them as being the same that they are
definitely not religious man mates and
you know a set of rules and men say okay
we're going to be this and and if you
want to be this religion then you're
gonna have to go by these rules
yeah and it's it's all man-made but
faith is not me and me and so I'm a
tremendous man of faith but not really
yeah some would say that like you're a
spiritual person that's like a thing
that gets thrown around today
like I'm not religious but I'm spiritual
people say that a lot like what does
that mean no one really knows it's a
strange sort of definition but I feel
what you're saying like that there's
something more to this there's something
more to this than just tissue and bone
and blood moving on this rock that's
traveling through the universe there's
something more there's something there's
something there's some and maybe it's
just something more for us but the the
beauty of friendship and love and family
like those things are intense beautiful
emotional experiences that I don't I
don't know they seem to transcend just
regular life itself they seem to have
there's a higher power to them a higher
beauty to them I think that's one of the
things that we like when we see people
doing something really great we love
seeing people accomplish things because
we love we like seeing people succeed we
like seeing people like that have doubts
and and and something almost
insurmountable and incredibly difficult
in front of them and then they they
overcome and it gives us all hope and it
gives us all like this inspiration
that's feeling we're connected in some
sort of very very strange way but I
think you could just chalk it up oh
that's just camaraderie we needed that
because of evolution that's how we
stayed alive like maybe maybe but maybe
there's something else maybe that
whatever this consciousness is that's
totally not no one has ever defined
consciousness and there's certain people
to think that it occurs only in the
brain and the neurons and the synapses
and it might or that might just be an
antenna
I mean consciousness might very well be
you are using your physical tissue to
tune in to whatever this this thing that
we share is this life force that we all
seem to share and when when there's
other things like looking in someone's
eyes man like when when you know
someone's like there for you and you
know you're there for them like that
camaraderie that intense camaraderie
it's like that that expression the
windows to the soul that the eyes are
the windows to the soul it really does
seem like it's right like you see people
you see them you know like the avatar
lady says I see you yeah and you can
it's
[Music]
looking at being able to look into
somebody's eyes you can tell a lot you
tell if they're bullshit yes theater
than that or if they feel weird about
something yeah maybe this isn't a smart
thing or maybe maybe maybe I should have
done better by you or yeah yeah and I am
i I took the first first time I had the
open-heart surgery and flatlined three
times during that surgery I also had an
experience that also strengthens when I
believe in there being something after
the body dies
i season or whatever you wanna call it
okay I see us I was able to see my
mother who had passed away the year
before and you know I say I see my
mother I last see her face I just heard
a voice and I know it was her and she
was you know pleading to I say God a lot
of people may say you know what whatever
they look up to and I ain't got no
problem with that
I don't think that because people don't
believe exactly like I believe that
they're doomed and they're going to hell
although that was the way I was raised
off you don't believe like this and all
Catholics when I want to quote through
my dad all Catholics were just lost mmm
they're not gonna make it because they
don't you know fuck bleed right yeah if
this little course they're not gonna
what about juice you don't believe like
this Muslims fucked up just lost me Oh
Scientologist phone oh yeah you're
especially lost yeah that's how they
felt that's how I was talking this way
and I just you know I don't believe that
you got you got this my dad was some
people they found my dad thought that he
could walk on water he could do no wrong
and it's the same guy too you know so
you know break my nose and send me to
the fucking emergency room
and my mom was a slave and that was
perfectly fine with him and in also this
was a guy who was fucking women in the
church but you don't believe like I
believe you're going to hell yeah people
have a remarkable ability to be
hypocrites yeah
there's soup sauce and icing that so
much from super religious people that it
just turned me off
yeah from being a religious person well
I think a lot of what it is is
controlled people want to control the
people they want to be able to tell
people what to do and want to do it and
that gives them some power in their own
life by doing so yeah yeah man I thought
I just you know it destroyed my faith
and just super you know people that are
in church every Sunday every time we
went to church three times a week three
times three times we every Tuesday every
private every Sunday in church in church
during the the Watts Riots
I'm little kid we went to church Wow
yeah and with it the guy that soldiers
National Guard on the streets they put
my dad over I'm a little kid in the
backseat
what are you going I'm going to church
and I might fuck these guys this tanks
on the street this guy's got fuck em 660
and asked him and my dad's like we're
going to church I'm like fuck I want to
be at home looking at fucking HECO with
cartoons we went to church man so he was
super dedicated you know to you know
part of him was super dedicated to what
he believed and then you know you go
over sisters Sally's house to give her a
consultation and I'm looking in the room
her bedroom door is open and there's my
dad with his fucking t-shirt on sister
Sally's in her slip and shit and I guess
me and my brother were there to be is a
scapegoat or you know he's excuse my mom
you know if I take them and I you know
nothing could be going on wrong
remember that's it like fuck what kind
of Castle tasting is either like I think
right now we're experiencing some of the
most insidious aspects of religion in
the people attacking people while
they're worshiping yeah attacking
Christians and Christians attacking
Muslims and it's like in synagogues and
Christians attacking Jews I mean if the
whole thing is so insane attacking
people while they're worshiping it is
insane it's the sign of how fucked up
things are right now that this is
something that's happening on a regular
basis now in the name of religion I mean
doesn't I mean what kind of religion
would you know say this is okay I mean
aren't we supposed to love my neighbor
as myself I mean the the Christ Church
one you could not you get it's hard to
even say that that was about religion
that's more about bigotry and racism
Yeah right and then the response to that
is what you're seeing in Sri Lanka and
you know people blowing people up and in
churches and synagogues and it's just
it's insane it's it's just we've reached
this very critical moment in our society
and just civilization in general where
people are attacking people for things
that they believe in yeah which is just
it's one of the most insane things to
attack people on you're not attacking
people because they're aggressive
because they're coming towards you
they're trying to take away your your
resources or harm your family no no no
they believe the wrong shit yeah which
I'm not kill them yeah they don't be
like I've killed hundreds of them yeah
I'm gonna kill em since Saturday I mean
it doesn't I don't know how to fix it we
I thought the overriding principle of
most every religion is love yeah we're
supposed to be loved I thought all of
them taught love isn't that the
overriding principle of religion your
religion doesn't it teach to love people
if your religion teach you to hate
people to go out and
you people then something's fucked up
yeah yeah that's supposed to be
reinforcing this idea of of community
all together working towards a goal it's
wrong yeah it's uh
I mean it's so mean there's so many
issues right there's so many issues with
with poverty with crime with all these
different things in this world today but
the the religion issue and the hatred
hatred of other people's religions has
got to be one of them one of the
strangest aspects of our community our
culture's it's so crazy my mana I just
want to do everything that I possibly
can possibly can do and I know I'm just
a little guy from Compton nobody knows
me no way who the fuck is safety fucker
ain't nobody but whatever I can possibly
do to try to bring people together man
let it just come together I had it's the
same we're all the same under the bar
that's my equivalent of trying to you
know right bring people in a weight
lifter just says a similar thing all the
same we're all brothers and sisters on
the mats exactly that's exactly what it
is yeah that's that's a thing that
sometimes you know when someone has like
this common struggle like like you find
out a lot about someone when you lift
with them right oh yeah when you know
that they can do 10 and they got to
start bitching out at 7:00 yeah like
come on bro that's right mysteriously
come on I mean that's that's similar in
I mean marathon runners have that sort
of camaraderie that feeling like if
someone can can actually complete
marathons and then ultra marathons alone
do you have the girl doesn't know what
no one gives a fuck of you're Chinese or
black no girl or a boy you're a bad
motherfucker or you are not yes you are
not you should work towards becoming
yeah same with MMA right yeah that's
martial arts in general it's it's all
about a vehicle for developing your
human potential I've always said that
one of the best ways to stop bullying
and stop all this aggression it sounds
counterproductive and counterintuitive
but they'd stop bullying
teach kids how to fight they won't fight
they won't do that man I mean and the
ones who are the strongest they won't it
won't have this need to impose on people
don't that doesn't exist in jiu-jitsu
the way it exists in in in kids yeah
because kids are insecure and they have
this weapon being bigger or being mean
or being more aggressive and scaring
kids and they they see some intimidating
and they can't help themselves they
don't have any guidance yeah they don't
have they don't no one's taught them the
proper way to behave and think and then
no one's taught them the consequences of
that shitty behavior and thinking they
just get away with it they do it and
they don't think that it's hurting
anybody or they don't they don't care
they don't feel it yet right numb to it
they're not they're not they haven't
been taught no they have not been taught
this is this is the way that I can stand
out a lot of it is because like they
need a real cause they need a real cause
something real to work towards instead
of like looking for conflict and some
fucking kid is looking at you at the bus
stop weird yeah look for find real
conflict find something that you could
really work towards and you'll feel
better about yourself and you'll feel
better about the way you communicate
with other people it's one of the
reasons why a lot of people talk about
jiu-jitsu like it's a religion and in
some ways I think it kind of is because
you learn and not in the bad ways but in
the good ways that you learn this sense
of community through struggle right I
think the same thing can be said for
weight lifters - yeah ya know it's a
bond you guys oh man
and so and it's it translate it's so
many MMA guys that you know have come to
him when I trained worked out and it's
so relatable the the weightlifting world
the fighting world except not getting
bust upside to here with you but that
struggled yeah this last thought when
you train tyron woodley oh man sort of
struggle yeah yeah and he's another dude
that looks like he's on steroids yeah
he's not actually just got that fucking
beautiful roll of the dice yeah roll the
dice that's exactly right and by the way
Tyrone if you're listening you have not
been back and I would like for you to
come back to do the type of fighting
that he does though you can't
lift the way you had them left all the
tone oh no no no no no no it would just
be a incorporation most most files
tissues weightlifting as a tool
yeah and just when they come they want
to test themselves when they come and
train with me let's see if I can take it
you know the fucking set yeah no matter
what no matter what you know those guys
do really well because it's so much
mental chore involved in it you know and
they did the mines are tough guys mines
it's tough for me they do real will no
you don't get tougher it just you just
kind of yeah you just get different yeah
you know I mean like I said about ultra
marathon runners or anybody who does
anything that's extremely grueling and
brutal you don't you don't get tougher
you just find a different different path
exactly for that sort of tough and it
always leads through the mind it always
leads through mine and yeah that whole
expression that idle hands are the
devil's playthings that's so true that's
goddamn true yeah and it will need they
need something they need a cause they
need a struggle they need they need
something hard they need something
difficult to define themselves through
if they don't they just they get
scattered and insecure and crazy but
through that struggle you you gain
confidence and character you you know
who you are you could you could pull off
a workout with Ct Fletcher at the end of
that fucking workout you sitting there
on that bench drinking water people need
to know that they did it people need
that they need I did it you need I did
it all the time you need I did it like
five days a week it's true if I take a
couple days off I feel like man I gotta
go do something yeah you feel bad yeah I
still won't do it a certain attic kick
the good thing is the best way to learn
is slow oh well I'm ready
yeah real slow yeah the people to prove
real problem with strong people is that
they want to put their strength into it
you know and you know you wanna like
really just fucking grunt yeah that's
it's hard for strong dudes to learn how
to kick properly really is was it's it's
a perfect time for Peter because they
put so much grunt into everything often
times they're not pivoting so they put
too much pressure on their leg they want
to pop in their knee yeah I mean just
watch it I seen you kick in man Joe's
got some of the meanest kicks I have
ever seen from anybody it's a fight
thing there's a guy named John Danaher
who's a jujitsu genius and he came to me
once and it turned out he actually knew
but he was playing it off like you
didn't know he was telling me that he
wanted George st. Pierre who's the
champion they wanted him to get some
coaching on his spinning back-kick
there was like he's he thinks the
fundamentals are a little bit off do you
know anybody and I was like all right
this is good sound crazy I know I'm a
comedian I don't know I'm just a
commentator but I have a really good
spinning back-kick I'm like I could show
you how to do it and I could show you as
good as any human being that's ever
lived
oh my god could she do that that was my
shit I mean but when I was a kid man I
you know it's hard for me to even talk
about it now because it seems like a
different life like a different person
for from the time I was 15 till I was 21
I was obsessed
I like trained all day every day I mean
that's what I did I basically lived
there and so that's why I developed all
that obsession they say it's a bad word
yeah I don't think no to find my life
yeah if it's a bad life you know I mean
I've had a good life I've got a good
life through obsession eggs yeah coin
net fries I've also had a good rifle I'm
careful with that shit yeah like a bad
dog I keep that motherfucker on a leash
and I keep it away from the wrong people
yeah I met Jose got some good things you
have to be careful like Jamie knows
we've been having problems with this
goddamn quake game we play play this
video games first-person shooter called
quake and I have a real problem
I get obsessed with things well I want
to play all day long I want to play
fucking 810 hours a day I can't I don't
allow myself to but that's its name
today it's the same thing that got me
into martial arts when I was a kid I
have a fucked up brain but it's fucked
up in a good it's it as long as I know
how to guide it has the the managers in
the building the manager is me right now
going to hey settle the fuck down
all right you got shit to do you got a
family got stuff to do you can't just go
run off and decide you're gonna be a
professional dis or a professional dad
because that's what my brain wants to do
my brain wants to find something and go
what's this thing okay what's be the
best in the world we're gonna be the
best in the world at this this is every
day you gonna wake up hey
I gotta pay taxes you know I fuckin
loved it because you are not alone no
there's a bunch of me yeah but in a
whole lot of more in the UFC yeah
there's a whole lot of them out there in
jobs right yeah crazy yeah going crazy
like wait to get after what the fuck
they want to do when they get off work
ain't that something that's like fucking
28 years the post office you know go do
what I really yeah yeah it's a lot of
people out there listening that have
that same feeling oh man point-five gave
me pain they fucking hate it you know
you're not alone yeah I hated it
whenever I had a job whatever job I had
I fucking hated it and I had a bunch of
part-time bullshit jobs cuz I wouldn't
take a real job on because I was so
scared that if I had like a real 9:00 to
5:00 and then started getting a career
and then how a family got married they
trapped yeah trapped I was the best that
was me
I was definitely their kids at home they
had eat so yeah nothing you gotta mean
and then you you take that time when you
get off and that's your obsession time
then yeah and there's a lot of people
that live that life you know and but
I've always tell people is before you
have all those other things a mortgage
and family and all that other stuff damn
to funnel that energy into you into what
you like you could live up a wonderful
existence and they're charmed life if
you could do what I mean whatever it is
well you like making knives or fucking
painting whatever the fuck you like -
yeah if that's your thing and you think
about it all the time
goddamn you gotta find a way to do that
yeah that is your call
most definitely excellent advice from
Joe Rogan he is so so right and before
you get you know the wife the keys
Detroit is in your trap yeah but the
mind everyone's mind is so different you
know there's some people that they don't
have that obsessed mind their mind is
like they're better off like you know
running a country store somewhere you're
just being real friendly to people to
come in being a baker making good food
for folks yeah that's their thing
they're called and that you know that's
perfectly fine it's the people you know
people did annoy the fuck out of me I
love you with a noite ooh fuck out of me
it's people to have no ambition no Drive
whatsoever
I'm just happy not doing shit I always
wonder about that
dammit but I was always wonder like what
if I got them when they were little what
if I got a hold of them when they were
little
and and and just introduced him to
exciting things and rewarded them when
they did well high-five them and hug
them you know what I mean like it
possibly changed yeah reinforcement of
positive goals and reinforcement of
positive experiences I think there's
some people that just they never got any
of that and everything was just work and
just drudgery and they'd rather just lay
around because that is the alternative
to work and drudgery Wow I mean I gave a
speech and I'm talking about obsession
and being driven and all and you know
one of the questions Africa's guys ask
me so what if you know you what if you
don't want to do anything you don't have
any goals or obsessing could you tell me
how to get one
and I was like fuck how do I tell this
motherfucker his he wanted one he said
he wanted one I want to find a gold or
some but I don't know you I don't know
yeah I don't know I with this first time
I ever met you
and you ask me how to give you an
obsession or make it give you an IKE I
don't think I can tell you is find
something do you have anything that you
love is there anything that you love
anything that you like to do then you
know start there dude yes if you but if
if the person looks back at you said no
not really
alright they're not my fucking the fuck
I know some people that have nothing
yeah some people it is nothing there's
nothing absolutely you know you keep I
love you guys but you bug the fuck out
just you don't have a calls or go or
nothing that really you know excites you
that you really wanna make a difference
you just you're happy being blah fray
and fucking average I just want to be a
cog man I just won't be a fucking god do
you think that the world needs cogs do
you think that some people like he's a
thought like not everybody but could be
a fucking psychopath right not everybody
could be obsessed by things the world
will be too insane and regular stuff
would never get done right right you and
I are getting regular shit done you know
you know what how about being the best
fucking time there is I'm a support the
fuck out of your oh oh man oh no what
people I don't I would like to and I
think one day we're gonna probably be
able to experience this through
technology I would like to know how
people think like I would like I would
like to know like what is going on in
someone's head when
experience like some sometimes things
that happen to you in life and you're
just in the worst possible state of mind
when it happens and sometimes it's the
best possible state of mind and
sometimes when it's the best possible
state of mind something that should be
like catastrophic like yeah it'll be all
right you know if the person who did it
to you like look man I know you didn't
mean to do it's all right don't worry
about it
take it easy and then you just drop it
and you like feel good about it and then
other times like fuck that guy I can't
kill that guy and it's all like it's all
in like how are you wired that day like
what what's how are you coming into it
you coming into this with a lot of
stress you got a lot of other bullshit
piling up in your life or you coming
into this fresh off a heart transplant
yeah yeah well you feel love for the
world and you and you have like a
newfound enlightenment where you realize
that this is all bullshit all this
nonsense and fighting and arguing for
nothing like why why you do you enjoy
relax appreciate don't matter just think
that's have passion for your existence
and and what you enjoy what you truly
love and and your friends and
camaraderie and and fellowship that's
what it's all about yeah and I think you
know they got a whole field of
psychologists and psychiatrists that's
their field and some of the worse some
of the most mentally challenged people
I've ever met were psychiatrist I have a
theory about that
I've theory about that that's very
similar in my theory about cops you know
I have a deep respect for cops me too
and I think it's insanely difficult job
just say my same feeling I have four
soldiers like you cannot expect someone
to just do that with no guidance and no
no you you have to have an appreciation
for the stress they go through every
time a cop pulled somebody over this
might be the last moment of their life
every time they come to that window and
it's tinted and they don't know who the
fuck is in there and what kind of
warrant that guy might have they don't
have any idea and we've all seen videos
online of cops getting shot and people
getting killed it fucking happens
and their everyone they're dealing with
is lying to them everyone they're
dealing with this if you're a
psychiatrist every day you're dealing
with people who are fucked every day
everyone's fucked up everyone's in some
some of they're fucked up is nonsense
and you just want to grab them and shake
him by the collar get your fucking shit
together man yeah the fuck is wrong with
you come on you know there's something
wrong stop doing what you're doing
stupid but you can't even say that don't
so you have to go so Mike you know uh uh
you're still getting tied up by that
woman and she still kicks in the balls
shit the people are into like imagine
every day you shown up and everyone's
nuts yeah when you work with yep you
know I'm very fortunate I show up here I
get to talk to nice people like you I
hang out with great people like Jamie
and every everyone's fun here it's all
nice my experiences on a daily basis
over mostly positive I go to the comic
store hang out with comedians I do
jujitsu hang out would you do to guys
it's a fun experience is it good
experiences psychiatrists are just
dealing with crazy vibe all day long
that's their chosen five yeah to deal
with next yeah when I was um when I was
briefly in college one of the things
that I was concentrating on I'm
psychology because I was trying to find
out what like I knew there was times
when I fought and I was very confident
and I knew there was times and I
fathered I was a nervous wreck and I was
like why what is that
that feeling of nerves where you're
scared is very compromising it fucks my
performance oh my god
yeah I mean look you might get hit you
might lose you could happen but to dwell
on that is crippling you got to be able
to accept those consequences but you
also have to not dwell so if to be Zen
and so I was reading a lot of psychology
books and philosophy books a lot of
samurai books and but one thing I
realized in talking to people that were
like psychologists or psychology majors
like you're dealing with fucked up
people yeah all the time especially
psychiatrists drug buddies like I was
crazy he was crazy very nice I think you
get crazy yeah I think you get crazy
with all those people all the time - man
yeah I mean if your day is blocked off
you have your secretary and then you got
patients all day long they're out of
their fucking mind yeah
very good point it's a terrible diet
yeah you know but the you know I don't
know if you knew but I used to do
tournament fighting karate stuff yeah
yeah yeah and the reason the what
discouraged me or made me know that I
didn't want to be a fighter just what
you described thanks Artie oh yeah if a
pet was paralyzed I was paralyzed yeah I
mean I'd be frozen with it's it's so
crazy I mean last time I was at Parker's
in NASA Karate Championships in Long
Beach California and I'm in fight until
my feet were stuck and I was a Taekwondo
black belt but my feet were frozen to
the fuckin man I couldn't lift them my
next weighed a thousand pounds each to
me and I was so pale because all these
people
it was loans people were around and I
was so afraid that I was gonna do
something to embarrass myself and yeah
I'm supportive matches going on at the
same time yeah but it felt like
everybody's looking at me I'm like man
they're gonna watch me through something
my tech needs gonna be wrong or it's got
I'm just gonna fuck up in front end of
the fear was paralyzing I'm like you
know I can't fucking do this
I'm not cut out to be a fighter man I
just can't the pressure just kicked my
and it's uh it's a hard thing to
overcome
oh it's it's hard to sort your way
through it into what's really hard for a
lot of fighters is coming back from a
loss they get beat up and smashed and
then then they have to come back and
figure out a way through you know and
especially a devastating loss of course
you season yet but a devastating loss no
Raymond Daniels is of course they don't
did you see his fight this patient
720 degree punch I mean go go - Bella
Tori find that clip man we won't be able
to show it right yeah just show us so
for folks who don't know what one of the
reasons I brought up Raymond Daniel says
Raymond
he's a belt or kickboxing champion now
he lost in devastating fashion - Nicky
holtz-eakin who's another world champion
and also - Joseph all Shalini who's
another world champion so when he was
making the transition from karate
champion to kickboxing champion he had
some stumbling yeah didn't didn't go
100% smooth right but that guy's got an
iron will man stunt coordinators in
movies watch this look at Raymond
Raymond Daniel's he went for a 60
roundhouse kick dude wasn't there and
then he continued to spin further boom I
mean that is insane that is such an
incident land a punch at the end of that
so bananas and he landed a spinning back
kick to the body right before their yeah
yeah I mean he did a thing find the
thing he did in in in glory he did a
jumping side kick spinning back kick
combination where he touched him he
touched him with the front leg and then
spun in the air and spinning back-kick
areas right here yeah I mean this is
crazy
yeah watch how he does let let this go
here it goes
watch he touches a world-class kickboxer
I mean the movie star qualities are
looking at his high life to come up with
you know fight free yeah just eat that
stuff that they don't even do in the
movies in a real fight yeah yeah he's
hard to handle
here I gave a pep talk or speech them to
a group of fighters he was in the group
they came out I mean I got a Frank I got
to meet alright man
I don't always fan a fanboy big tunnel
motherfucker oh I love watching those
guys in like guys like Michael venom
page there's another one who has those
karate skills but then they're learning
all the the skills of MMA yeah and then
you see look man if you don't know that
karate style and he knows MMA like your
kind of fuck cuz they do shit that's
like outlandish yeah you know venom page
and shit is ridiculous and he's he's so
long too and his timing and movement is
so unpredictable and he can sprint at
you and you don't even all of a sudden
bang you saw that knockout when he
knocked out cyborg and caved his head in
with that knee the cave that man's head
in yes I've seen thousands of fights but
I never saw a man get his head caved in
ever Hey look at his skull his head is
pushed in I mean that was he's not the
video above it does that show the actual
knocker no it's not it yeah but look how
he fights to he I mean that is like that
I remember his fight with it was one of
the best MMA fights every real muscular
guy he's real muscular
cyborgs ya know your cyborgs had a fight
with this this another oh he's he's kind
of on the down hill now but at one time
he was like the Mike Tyson of MMA he's
built I know you know what I'm talking
about
Melvin Manhoef yes I did see that fight
yeah Melvin is a motherfucker man
there's another one man man yeah came
from that he comes from Mike's gym in
Holland which is a famous kickboxing gym
for savages just yeah just war yeah the
young a young man was up
and Melvin is built like a fucking he
was another one unbelievable power and
speed when he was in his prime yep but
he's not the same anymore you run so
many wars but man that dude super bit
and it was one of those gladiators yes -
yeah he's at least one of moms aged but
that showed you how tough cyborg was
yeah there was a war that was in cage
warriors I think that was man there was
a war yeah
Yemen I've had the privilege watching so
many great fighters fight it's
interesting to watch all the different
styles and all that but the thing that
they all have all the great ones have
they have this unstoppable belief in
themselves and if they lose they just
they learn they lose they learn to come
back they get better I'm one of my
favorite interviews was voice crazy and
man his mentality mmm he says you know I
make no plans for after the fight he's
not saying hey sexy guys now talking
about the after-party and meet me over
here say no no no I am prepared to die
because I was prepared to die on the
weightlifting platform the doc says hey
if you go CT you're able to draft get
burst right there on stage and dying for
all those people good good that's the
way out if you want to you want real
greatness you have to be able to give it
all away but define somebody else does
that great did you see the middleweight
championship fight between Kelvin
Gastelum and Ezreal Adesanya a style
bender did you see that fire of course
right before the fifth round it means a
close fight and style bender came out
and just destroyed in the fifth round
but right before that he said I'm ready
to die yes
he goes I'm ready to die yeah lievable
moment I love great he was also at the
top in the speech that I gave him a
tardy coat Kevin was there he's a young
guy yeah he's still really should be
finding 170 honestly he's yeah yeah I
mean he fought at 170 he just he likes
to eat you know it's just hell of a lot
of heart okay Kevin if you listen to me
Calvin's a beast yeah he's he's not even
near his full potential yet no no thanks
style Bender is either oh yeah I mean
style benders better now that he was in
his first fight in the UFC which is only
about 16 months ago yeah he's better now
he's troubled from uni biting me he's an
assassin he that guy has he's probably
the most technical striker that's ever
fought in the OCA iso technical but okay
let me ask about this I heard a rumor of
him and John Jones know each other yeah
John was talking shit about him and he
was talking shit about John you know
that maybe they'll fight John is way
bigger John's a big man yes yeah and
he's bad motherfucker well so style
bender man I mean maybe one day they
could fight but John I think John's
futures in heavyweight I really do I
think John is gonna clean out the light
heavyweight division and then move up
and I think he's probably gonna try to
catch DC before DC steps out because DC
is gonna fight against IPE Miocic
they're gonna have a rematch and then I
think DC vs. John Jones yeah a
heavyweight I think John wants go out
there and take that heavyweight title
you know but I think DC has a better
chance against him at heavyweight
I don't think DC likes cutting weight
and I don't think it's good for his
performance or his durability or
anything you know I think I mean judging
by his fights with Derrick Lewis it was
a fucking huge guy yes and knocking out
steep a Miocic who's nobody's ever been
able to do it like that before the way
DC did it I mean DC says that heavy
weight is just way more power
four hits harder takes a punch better
you know he's not tall guy he's only 511
but he's as wide as his fucking table
yeah DC's a tank of a man and his
wrestling ability is well that's why
it's John so goddamn impressive at John
Deere yeah John went right Adam with
wrestling's like motherfucker I'm gonna
take you down and scare you Dan Jones is
my favorite faggot dude if he's not the
greatest of all time he's in a
conversation a conversation it's like me
my opinion is that Mighty Mouse
Johnson's the greatest of all time but
the caveat is that Mighty Mouse never
really fought the Carib caliber of
competition that John Jones did John
Jones first fight in the UFC for a title
he's fighting Mauricio Shogun hooah
who is a legend yeah that's John's first
fight John opens up with a flying knee
yeah fly me the legend yeah no chokes
lyoto machida completely unconscious you
know chokes out rampage chokes I just
smashed everybody John smashed everybody
he's only lost one time that's a
bullshit loss qualification that's right
that he was dominated yeah he's a freak
man he's a real freak it most definitely
is my favorite especially since he told
me listens to my ass before I fight
always listen to a year I am the one
speaking yes
he's something special it really is he's
something special and I think um you
know he's had some troubles in his life
and in troubles but I think he's got
that shit behind him I really do I think
he's you know I mean he hasn't had a
near-death experience but I think he's
had so many like near career experiences
that he appreciates it now and I also
think to be that good you gotta be
fuckin crazy and I think John Jones is
fuckin crazy and he's just getting his
crazy online he's just getting his crazy
in order yeah like it's my crazy and
under wraps just keep my crazy together
yeah baby the girl isn't gonna be that
good you got to be a blonde motherfucker
oh yeah Wow that's that's what he is
he's smart too though he's got like the
perfect combination of things like smart
and wild yeah you know and physically
talented like men
fuck for the weight class and he's very
strong time tones into the belly of the
beast wrong maybe after the fight with
Thiago Santos I'll have some time off
but he is interesting his coaches
thought that his powerlifting was a bad
idea for us
apparently mad coaches think that he got
really into that before the OSP fight
remember we had a big stretch of time
off and then the OSP fight he didn't
look as good but I credit that to OSP I
just think that OSP fought a real hard
fight he's a real big strong guy and
it's fucking dangerous yeah I think that
it's just one of those things where
stylistically you know ovince fought a
really good fight and me no fans had a
broken arm for I think the last round
you know you had that round with a
fucking shattered arm never let anybody
know didn't say a goddamn worried about
his forearm snapped yeah it's the
hardest game in the world next to being
a cop or a firefighter or a soldier MMA
fighters the hardest game in the world
yeah I totally agree I'm glad you
brought up soldiers because as I'm a
veteran at manufacturing myself and I
you know have a lot of PTSD I was hoping
that during the conversation we could
get a PTSD any or some kind of way
because my dad suffered from PTSD big
time
he went in the Korean War at age 16 he
got a guy yeah he had a guy assigned for
him and said he was his dad and he was
able to to get in for a while like that
and that was I that was I give him a
pass on a lot of the crazy shit he did
because of that right you know he never
sit down and had a conversation with me
about it
I never talked to my dad for more than
five minutes at a time you know when I
talked to him I gonna never be more than
five minutes at a time in you know whole
life my whole life and he died when he's
86 and I'm 50 suddenly I was 15 7/8 and
go around there before we had it maybe
10-minute conversation that was just me
apologizing to him for you know hating
them but when they call it shell shock
back then so I explained to me it was an
explanation for a lot of his
over-the-top behavior I can't imagine
myself at 16 being you know gunfire
playing dead dead guys all around me
unarmed I would have been a mental mess
also so I gave him a lot of uh and it's
such a problem now PTSD with soldiers
now they had the 21 push-ups for the 21
veterans who kill themselves every day
from PTSD so it's a big cause for me I
want to you know do everything I can to
try to bring an awareness for the my
fellow veterans out there that are
suffering from that too so I'm with you
guys I'm with you vets yeah it's uh what
we're talking about before to ask
someone to be able to get through that
yeah it's a it's a incredible ask I want
to ask your opinion about something how
do you think a police chief or ever guy
can be do you think a guy can possibly
rise to police chief without ever having
been an officer himself it doesn't seem
like you should be okay
do you think a guy can be a fire chief
without ever having been a fireman
himself doesn't seem like you should be
do you think a guy can be the commander
in chief of our armed forces without
ever having been a soldier himself
doesn't seem like you
[Music]
thank you that's it I think it's way too
easy to be commander-in-chief yeah like
how many how many people would if that
was like a prerequisite you had to serve
like like in the Israeli army if you're
in the Israeli army everyone has to
serve there's a certain amount of time
everyone has to put in South Korean army
same thing you have to serve you know
Chan Sung Jung who's a top-level UFC
fighter took two years off his career
because that was the requirement with
the South Korean army they had him serve
I think that if you are going to be able
to tell people where they go and that
they have to risk their life on a
campaign that many people might think is
fruitless war even worse many people
might think it's financially motivated
and not necessary
and you're asking some someone's son to
go over there and die for that Preet yes
you you should have some understanding
about what you're saying you should you
should have served I think it's
impossible for you to have a good
understanding a grasp of what you're
asking if you haven't experienced it
yourself but now let's go back and look
at all the presidents how many of them
served Barack Obama never served yet
george w bush didn't serve but George
Herbert Walker Bush served and you know
he's actually shot down in World War two
right um Clinton never served Nixon
never served and I think that none of
them should have been able to be
commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces
that's that's my feeling if you didn't
serve you should they got plenty of
generals that could fill that spot yeah
I think that they should change whatever
they need to change whatever law
whatever it is to change that the
commander in chief of the armed forces
has to be has to be us have been a
soldier they have a lot of five-star
generals a lot of guys at the top that
have been in the military that didn't
know what their
experience let them be the
commander-in-chief of the armed force
these are the twelve presidents who did
not serve in the military so wait wait a
minute
Nixon did Nixon served he's a commander
Naval Reserve it says oh okay um but
Clinton didn't know Rock FDR Hoover
Coolidge Hart hmm interesting but george
w w bush didn't serve did he think he
was a reserve for a small period of time
or something oh that's right yeah there
was some shenanigans for they they got
him out oh I think Trump had like eight
deferments like feet hurt on sort of
shit foam Spurs how do you get bone
spurs by never working out ever how does
that happen he's kind of funny though
man the not working out thing he thinks
his bodies am like a battery and things
like if you you work out you use up your
your juice who that is got a finite
number of heartbeats or something like
that it's always said yeah there's other
people that believe that - I've looked
it up - well that is but they do believe
that that's the case but here's the
thing when you train you it lowers your
heart rate that's what we understand
most like like Michael Bisping as a 34
beats per minute resting heart rate yeah
most fat fucks out there have like 78 80
you know that they're they're wasting
their electron yeah look yeah and then
when you take in speed right pills he
just described me as a fat fuck
no no no no you ain't a fat fuck fuck
but if even if that is true I mean
there's no real evidence that that's man
but it is true yeah I think yeah I think
anybody that is going to tell people you
have to fight for our country should
have had to fight most or at least
should have had to serve serve you have
to have you don't have to necessarily
have had military I mean it's not your
fault
if you didn't see a right right yeah I
agree with that you know
don't be a comeback but it just been
have been willing that when you were
called yes to accept the call yeah and
it step up and you know I'm went because
by doing that you're saying and when I
sign this piece of paper that I don't
know if there's gonna be a conflict
there's gonna be a war not but I'm
signing up if there is I'm available I'm
here man so we're always hoping for the
best right with with presidents but it
always disappoints us like no no one no
one's been the most amazing pretty no
one is ever like the one person where
you look back and go man that
motherfucker nailed everything they got
it right they got it right with
whistleblowers they got it right with
human rights they got it right with
freedom of speech they got it right with
everything they got it right with
military intervention they got it right
with regime change wars they got it
right with everything they do didn't do
anything wrong and man everybody should
be like them like a lot of goofy people
look back to like Ronald Reagan like
this Ronald Reagan he was our guy like
just that's just because it's a long
time ago and you remember sucks I
remember I remember when people fucking
hated Ronald Reagan man I remember when
they were trying to get him out of
office like that wasn't that one didn't
work either no one no one's good at the
job yeah they're gonna poison you don't
get a lot of comments on me it's an
impossible job to please everybody's
always an impostor
it's an impossibility no I don't know
anybody who not just use everybody but
the idea that one person is gonna
oversee every wrench of government the
military the economy your social issues
censorship big tech yeah problems with
the environment like what the fuck were
you crate how could one do all that it's
not possible no it's not possible and do
a wonderful job at at all - exactly
that's right I mean I I don't understand
how it's even humanly possible I don't
think a human I think that job should be
there should be a council of wise people
decide things yeah and we should be able
to decide whether or not they're wise
you know I mean there should be I guess
I guess that's what the election in
Congress
yes in its supposedly what that that
gasps yes that's what's supposed to be
it's also like it's too easy to vote I
mean it's too easy to just say that guy
you know okay you should be able to tell
me why that guy like what's your
reasoning does it make sense did you
think just through you just like that
guy's a Republican I'm a Republican fuck
it what are you doing like you making
these choices you you're throwing your
mark on this piece of paper and that
could affect the way the world swings
like what's the thought process behind
it it's crazy people should have to
explain their books I don't because I
don't think that I think the right to
vote should not be anything that's
infringed upon in any way shape or form
but it would be a lot better if people
knew what the fuck they were voting on
it would help would help if they had a
real understanding of it of the time
that's the other problem in you know
we're talking about people slaving away
all day if someone's working all day 8
hours a day how much time they really
have to research foreign policy how much
time they have to research what's going
wrong with the economy subject you know
subprime interest rate loans and all
that shit how much time to people yeah
yeah good you know they're concerned
about what's going on in their families
and eat and they want to get to the game
and stay awake stay awake
good enough to keep me awake that's
that's uh that's saying something from
that I go to sleep off with it from the
heart transplant are you sleep here now
no no I want to sleep all the time
before it all right no I get comfortable
fuck and it's over me
yeah well that's that's right sorrow
that's the thing two people trained
already fucking with ya and trained a
lot though you're always ready to take a
nap oh yeah your body's always like
recover yeah
no problem or overtraining is bullshit
training is bullshit oh I know you don't
I think I bet you think that it's not
bullshit and overtraining is very real
don't you yes I do
yes you would say that you know what
rhabdo my losses is no I have no ideas
when you're overtraining
you're literally your muscles start
breaking down to pollute your kidneys
people die from it
wow that's a big ass long words and if
you look in a dictionary it'll say
bullshit no I think it is under resting
under recuperation
that's true but overtraining now if you
get enough rest and enough recuperation
I think overtraining spools right but if
you have to work out hard and then you
have to work out again the next day and
you work out hard the next day that's
that's rhabdo Milos's piss when you get
robbed oh you're pissed comes out
looking like iced tea yeah and I don't
mean the rapper yeah more than a rapper
though right it's hard to say he's a
rapper actor he's a cool dude
yeah I mean he has body count that's a
metal band so he is that - yeah yeah
cool but yeah it looks like diet coke
let's say that yeah that's what this
looks like
yeah that's um that's what happens you
know train every time work fucking eight
hours a day eight ten twelve hours a day
at the post office went to the gym put
in another four to six hours of fucking
twenty five years and my piss never
looked like yeah I think that's more
endurance athletes and particularly
CrossFit a lot of CrossFit people get
robbed oh yeah there's a competing it's
other people and they get real wrapped
up in it and I gotta ask Jason Khalifa
about this good friend of mine see if
he's pissed if it was like root beer
it's a real real issue for CrossFitters
and like ultra endurance athletes yeah
yeah he's one of the top CrossFitters
guys I think yeah he's like world
champion two or three that those guys
are ridiculously full and ridiculously
fit
a demon in mind to him and I put him
through my training it was one of the he
did the shit play yeah yeah he's fucking
that guy CrossFit me and you know we're
gonna wait with this kind of laugh at
CrossFit reason why I let that's you
know you know girly shit man it's both
CrossFit in this bullshit
but that motherfuckers in extremely good
shape
yeah CrossFitting is definitely not yeah
it's definitely not bullshit
no it's very hard yep what those guys do
is very very very very hard the real
question is whether or not it's good for
your body and that's where that's where
I'm not qualified just to judge but
there's a lot of people that are
professional strength and conditioning
coaches that frown upon it because they
think that those kind of movements like
powerlifting movements like clean press
that can yeah yeah that should not be
done for the maximum amount of
repetitions they think that should be
done for power then you should you know
you should whole east up your maximum or
85% of your maximum for X amount of
times and that's it
but what they're trying to do is just
you know if Mike does 10 I want to do 12
right Mike does 12 on one do 15 mm-hmm
you know and they think that there's
like Steve Maxwell who's a pretty famous
strength conditioning coach he frowns
ballin and he just thinks it's just
those movements are not designed for
endurance so those movements are
designed for power he thinks ultimately
it's detrimental for your body and that
if you want to have a long career in
fitness and constantly be able to work
out like deep into your 50s and 60s he
just thinks it's very detrimental for
your body mmm again I'm not the guy to
tell right you are not true I need to
get one of those top level CrossFit guys
I've gone back and forth with rich
Froning yeah online but never got him on
oh yeah again I'm sure Jason would die
to be on here but he is exceptionally
fit you know the long term I don't know
cuz it's still a pretty young guy but I
have a a real bad habit of
looking at the people that say those
things about you know athletes like that
I always look at them and that bad habit
I can't help all the people that give
all the advice to weightlifting advice
online I always go and look at their
page and see how the fuck they look and
assaults the overwhelming majority of
Instagram coaches are fat fucks yep is
how the fuck can you give advice and
look like that exactly alright how can
you i tell people how can i I can't tell
you or anybody how did to get through
anything if I never been through
anything myself
I'll tell you how to overcome an
obstacle if I never overcame any fucking
thing right and I can't tell you how to
be in shape if I look like a fat fuck I
just can't do it I have a bad habit of
looking at that person and and you know
examining them first if you're gonna
give me this kind of advice then I have
to you know I gotta look at your page
Joe I've never seen pictures and since
you've been posting me if now if I want
to know that's why I'm asking Joe Rogan
is showing I had a kid cuz I seen this
motherfucker kick and he kicks like a
fucking mule man I want to learn how to
kick from dad guy I wanna see some like
kicking through walls and shit if you
have not seen your own kick look it up
that is one kickin sob to kick your face
all yeah I think you got a good point
about the people that criticize like
some people criticize people that work
too hard means they don't want to work
that hard like you don't need to work
that hard yeah yeah
I don't trust trainers that look like
shit oh fuck
some of them are pretty popular yeah and
I see him I'm like what kind of body is
that fucking cunt yeah weird I think
they gotta be great talkers yeah great
well they must have good degrees in
physiology and this now they must man
and I mean look at them they look doughy
they're like what the chin looks like am
I too skinny I can't lie the first guy
on you that I'm fucking talking shit
about them thighs I couldn't get a job
as a personal trainer I had always
fucking World Championship certificates
and sitting they told me you're not
certified but it's not 35 right that we
can't use it oh my fuck this guy look
like he had never seen the inside never
even drove by a fucking chair and he's a
fucking ear to head personal trainer
here I wonder if someone could be a good
trainer without ever really working on
hard themselves isn't that so dissimilar
to someone saying that someone shouldn't
be the commander-in-chief without a
Howard yeah I'm gonna work out I want to
work out with someone who's built like
you I want to work out with someone
who's built like oh this one the fuckers
lifted some weights I understand yeah
you know what it takes to get big you
know what it takes to get strong it's
it's like not just in theory yeah it's
like would you hire a boxing coach
they'd never be in a box there's never
been in the ranges no doesn't seem wise
you know I couldn't do it but I think
some pieces some trainers are just
really good martial artists and they
never have competed I don't understand
how that works though doesn't make sense
to me
and then they would say that you know
their their skills and teaching things
it's not in fighting itself but I think
some of the best best fighters are the
best coaches where there have been
fighters yeah some of the best yeah I
totally agree because they know what the
fighters going through hmm and that
that's part it was not just the skill
you know the techniques that the kicks
the plan it's not just
they know everything because they've
been there we know what you know they
know everything from the ring walk to
what what it's like when it gets hard
when you're down on the cards yes they
know that you know and a guy had never
been through that you'd be lost in Essex
we don't know what the fuck to tell you
yeah
yeah I mean I think that's what most
things in life right yeah someone's
gonna give you advice on something they
better have some actual real world
experience yeah I think so
I think isn't this necessity but what
the fuck go on you know a lot ma'am well
hang a kid justice the old guy from
County yeah a lot of good stuff comes
out of County man dr. Dre came from
County a lot of good stuff comes out of
pressure
yeah for sure Compton's pressure yep
that is definitely pressure bad things
come out of it as well oh yeah you know
it's not ideal
yeah but damn if you can make it through
oh man that's a crazy thing like you
don't want your children to suffer but
the people who do suffer goddamn they
come through with some incredible
character it's a conundrum Wow
it yes it's such a I think that you know
people tell me a joke people tell I get
letters and DM do stuff for people from
oh the planet and there's so many
different races mess Russian Ethiopian
people from Sri Lanka everywhere hey CT
it was something about your store if it
was a childhood your health problems how
you went through that and overcame gave
me inspiration to go through my problems
that is the best feeling in the world
Joe and when I hear that I'm like
everything I had to go through or
everything I went through I I didn't
volunteer to die I read or it wasn't my
choice if I had a choice I'd have been
perfectly fucking else
but but going through it if it could
help that guy in Sri Lanka that guy
Russia the guy in Prague the guy and I
if it could help them then it was so
worth it it ain't even funny I'd do it
all over again tomorrow hmm
just because this guy says that it
helped me get through something
inspiration inspirations very very very
valuable very valuable and really hard
to I mean it's hard to quantify if you
don't explain inspiration as someone
who's never experienced it like someone
else doing something good makes you feel
like you can do something good seems
like it shouldn't I shouldn't have
anything to do with you but it does I'm
my first one of the we had a we gotta do
these expose these expose a certain
people come and something wait in line
two or three hours to shake my hand and
I think that's so crazy so I mean who
the fuck am i oh my fuck I am nobody I'm
nobody nothing well stop and think about
this many of your videos have like more
than a million views so you're not
nobody it's crazy but that's not nobody
like everybody somebody right I mean
that's an old saying yeah
the reality is you have reached out with
your videos and touched and if you saw a
million people in front of you you'd
freak the fuck out right well that's
more than that you've touched many more
than that millions and millions of
people here is absolutely crazy
I just came out because the first
freshener I get on YouTube I go hey look
I don't give a fuck if you listen to me
a million people right now it's just
it's just so crazy so cuz I like I said
I can sit him myself
at least at least at Lord said Lord's
the bottom of the barrel and I'm just
you know black people say el sitio
you're the greatest you're King you're a
gun I ain't none of that stuff I'm
nothing ma'am I'm absolutely nothing
well that's not true either what you are
as an exceptional person
the thing about exceptional people is
that our self-critical and they're one
of the reasons why you got to be so good
at what you chose to be obsessed by is
that you you worked hard to constantly
improve so when you're constantly
working hard to improve you're not
thinking I'm the best I'm the best look
god damn I gotta go to work
I gotta get this in I got to get this
done and so when people tell you you
great you like party I'm over here
working there trying to get better
great man that's inspiring to people
though the thing about what inspiration
does to people it's almost like a type
of intangible fuel it's I can change
lives so people come to me in in the
lining
we got tell me yeah a grown man he
starts crying rope gets down on his
knees stay away from that guy this guy's
crying he get down on his knees and
telling oct you changed my life you kept
me from committing suicide I've heard
that story that I that because of me
they didn't take their own life at least
a hundred times yeah Joe Rogan what I
have gone through just to save if these
people are the same that I saved their
life because I didn't give up because I
didn't give in because I kept the faith
and kept going I was gonna do that
anyway Joe that's just right but it
change their life for them to tell me
something like that I might fuck how I
do to shit all over again tomorrow
well you know it's like what we're
saying earlier about people that don't
have anything that they're in
hired by and you I was saying maybe I
wish I would saw them when they were
young like maybe if you got a hold them
when they were young you could teach
them the value of expressing themselves
and competing or doing something where
you get like positive feedback from your
effort and I think that some people they
just they don't they don't ever get that
and so when someone gets that from
someone like you when they they they get
that that fuel that intangible fuel that
you get when you get inspired by
somebody they it's so emotional because
it's it really is like you gave them a
gift and that gift we model ourselves
after other successful people we do it
all the time either hopefully if
everything goes great you model yourself
after your parents or you model yourself
after your uncle your brothers and
sisters or whoever it is that surround
you that seems to be exceptional and
that that fuels people it helps people
it means a lot to people sometimes
people don't have that so they got to
look inward they got a you know it's
like that old Whitney Houston song you
know everybody search it for a hero
oh yeah song yeah it was like on the
Muhammad Ali life story that was a that
was that was the song that they said the
original version of that song was on a
it was like a docudrama on Muhammad
Ali's life but that sometimes you don't
find someone for a long time and then
when you do it changes your whole life
you find someone maybe it's just a
YouTube video and it's you saying it's
still your mother-fucking set and it's
you just pushing people and telling
people to go get after it and people see
that and all the sudden it's like
thinking goosebumps their heart starts
racing it's like you gave them a drug
look you gave them fuel and then then
they want to change their life then they
want to watch you tomorrow then they
want to watch you when they're at lunch
break they don't want you they're taking
a shit watch you on their phone that's
this fuel and you literally can change a
person's life through that because we
need each other I mean this is it's one
more piece of evidence that we need each
other that we have this sort of a very
strange loose fitted
community of all human beings together
when someone like you does something
that's exceptional and says something
that's exceptional and has these
inspirational words it can change a
person's whole life changed their whole
path change who they are I've gotten so
many messages from people that say I
lost 130 pounds you know I did this I
got off sugar I'm doing I'm fucking
running every day I hit the gym five
days a week now I'm a different person
I'm drinking water I'm exercising I take
vitamins I'm eating healthy I've got
more juice I got more energy my whole
life is different now you can't feel you
can't because man got all these people
yeah looking up to you
yeah I don't want that I definitely know
anybody looking up to me but I do like
people being inspired and if people get
inspired by me I'm happy but you know
they think I don't know but I don't look
at me and I'm looking at talk about a
higher power look at the I don't look at
me we fucking need each other yeah we
all need each other we really do there's
something beautiful about that though
like you can't just go it alone you
really do need each other and like if
you accomplish everything you ever want
to accomplish but nobody's there for it
with you nobody cares nobody likes you
okay don't mean shit
yeah it's useless absolutely like love
is the most important thing and that
sounds so cliche but without love it's
all useless
it's all useless there's no personal
satisfaction and accomplishments if
nobody loves you you're not gonna enjoy
it
yeah at least your family everybody and
the the more you can spread positive
energy the more people will love you the
more you'll have that community of love
you know
that's that's all it's just like I told
you I never expected even you know their
Passport
people tell you I always think about I'm
I'm the little kid that used to hide in
the closet when I I would hear my dad's
keys rattling the door or police car
pull up and I hide in the closet I try
to hide me I just want to see man I just
I'm that kid dude I'm so mmm and my dad
would always tell me that you know
you're never gonna be nothing and so I'm
back here so let's still fucks with you
owe it to come from know it I'm reminded
of it I think about that when people
tell me all your great Caesar you know I
come from I'm you man III wash dishes I
cut grass I pop gasps I'm those people
yeah you know I bussed tables as a kid I
watched the people are saying that I'm
great I'm well ma'am you yeah yeah yeah
I'm you yeah I'm at anything other than
you that's so important you know yeah
they are you but that they can be
someone like you too if they put in the
kind of time and effort that you put in
that's the real message the real message
is we all started from no twin I mean we
all had bullshit jobs we all felt like
losers but through time and effort you
build a stronger human you build a
stronger body you build a stronger mind
you build accomplishments and we'll and
momentum and then you look back and you
go hey man I'm not washing tables
anymore you know I'm not I'm not washing
dishes I'm not cutting lawns I'm not
digging ditches yeah
I'm a different person now but I used to
be into these desire not to be their
person actors that's that's what that's
the hardest part right to get out of
that rut when you ain't got shit and
there's nothing going on to have faith
then is so difficult to have faith when
you're successful it's like yeah yeah
listen bitch you've been successful for
a while don't you got faith yeah just
keep doing what
yeah it's absolutely right it's like you
already got up the hill now you just
coasted yeah you know you're just
rolling down the hill everything's great
it's these all smooth sailin yep the
hard part is getting up that fucking
hill especially if you got a dad you're
hiding from especially if you feel like
you're a loser you never really had
anything in your life that you could
look back on and say hey I was really
good at that you know and there's a lot
of people out there listening to this
there's so many people that are in
that's that starting point like the
people that come up to you and say what
do I don't know what to do what should I
do
how do I do it yeah how do I get going
well you're gonna have to figure it out
one foot in front of the other you're
gonna have to you know to find a thing
and keep working at it and get better at
it that's one of the things that I like
so much about martial arts don't let
anybody in
yeah anybody in and then from that from
learning how to do that you get better
and then you realize they might get
better at anything yeah cuz it's so the
first time I ever did you just say I
remember just being manhandled so bad
going man I'll never be good at this
this is terrible I'm fucking awful with
this and this had already been a black
belt in Taekwondo and already kickboxer
I did a bunch of shit and I was like I
can't believe I'm starting from scratch
again yeah
but that at least I knew then that I
already done that before I already
started from scratch so I had some
experience it started from scratch like
all I have to do is just put in the time
and the effort here they desire to get
better yeah that's for everybody just
fine and everything and if you find a
thing like particularly martial arts
because you get belts and ranks and then
you can see how you're doing with
opponents especially jujitsu I like that
when the pulse cuz you don't get in hit
and I think there's so many people that
in the especially if you go to a bad gym
in the early days people are gonna tune
tune you up you're gonna beat you up
yeah yeah you can get some damage here
discords a lot of people yeah but if you
could just find a thing and work hard at
that thing you realize through that
thing that you can get good at anything
yeah with time and effort don't have
anything on that I mean you pick the
thing what everything calls to you
whatever calls to you yeah they decide
to change the night
to change those circumstances whatever
they might be
as long as you have you have to have
that desire to will to change their
circumstances yeah that's that's you
start right there man you know how bleak
it makes me but if you have the will to
be tired to change it there's your
starting point since you started doing
these videos on YouTube - now how much
of a difference is it made in the types
of people that come to your gym and then
the numbers of people that come in the I
have Joe Rogan's phone number I have
Terry Crews phone number I have dr.
Trey's phone number yeah saw you you
took a lot of pictures with dr. Dre man
you've been with him a lot dr. Dre I
know you guys look at the news might you
might see hey it don't say no bad about
doctor in front of me well this is
incredible individual and incredible dr.
Dre I called him Trey now Trey is an
incredible individual his heart is huge
huge Joe I can't tell you how you cannot
- but yes with you yes that is an
incredible individual he was jacked at
one time he still looks great he told me
he's in very good shape right now he's a
lot of cardio eats really well
matter of fact he's got this trail he
wants me to he challenged me to turn a
hiking up a hill and I'm not ready for a
job but dr. Dre if you're listening I'm
gonna make it a bit fucking's real
I might have to roll down but he's in
great shape but he's a great human being
he's a a very good human being
that's awesome here I love him yeah just
down the earth so he shifted his
training from like just he got a big
yeah his goal yeah I saw what the comic
storm one night and he was like the rock
yeah
huge exactly you know he's he's more you
know health oriented in in cardio and he
wants to he said his goals to get down
to 200 pounds of just lean low body fat
percentage muscle what does he weigh now
210 I think he said and with me and him
saying around the same weight and I my
goal is also to get down to 200 pounds I
want to be 200 pounds which I haven't
been a long time but I want to beat you
on your pants well this pictures of you
when you were power lifter yeah were you
we had 325 325 oh my god Wow
I think the call this month are gonna
work out so you're as wide as a building
that I was god damn 325 so you were a
hundred and fifteen pounds heavy yeah so
you see was just a scale within that 15
pound state yeah yeah I feel like a
skeleton now created me but just stop
and think about a hundred and fifteen
one-pound stakes just and I didn't care
we're gonna pay I'd almost pass out tied
my shoes on get out of breath walking
through the front fucking door I'm like
oh fuck it's the over witness at the
door again
oh fuck you were saying you had a
terrible diet back then oh it was
horrible
there you are look at you holy shit that
ain't all fat man that's you you look
gigantic yeah as a fat fuck and I'm
trying to get like the other guy know if
the lean lean seat feet on the other
side how much did you weigh on the other
side on the other side I was probably
about 220 when I want to get down to 200
pounds that's the goal by 63 200 pounds
Jesus Christ your size your arm that's
so crazy fuckin arm that is so
preposterous and the the tricep line the
line between the tricep and the bicep
the
I pick for my head it all you think so
yeah no I don't think so
stop lying I think they Hilton yeah I
don't think so
you look pretty young there too yeah I
was actually a 50:50 one I just in that
picture
yeah Wow go back to that again that's 50
with no steroids that's weird it's just
natural had a professional the natural
Professional Division I won the over 50
category Wow
well I thought I got my pro card as a
bodybuilder but my it looks a little
daddies up we were talking about people
to come to your gym though man I mean
let's talk to you now
flag but it's kind of cool though
because you you have sort of you've
taken on this role as a guru I mean
that's one of the things that a lot of
people have gotten from your videos and
these mean there's motivation from you
know a lot of people can give you
motivation some of that motivation seems
stale and then there's some people that
give you motivation like wow that's live
that's it's alive your motivation is
live it's real you can tell it's not
scripted yeah from the heart yeah yeah
definitely everything is right off the
top of the head and I think when a doo
Roo that's a lever tighter I think I'm
definitely not worthy I may be you know
fetus leo he's an old G okay that's
that's more closer to I've been around
long enough well you're also like people
turn because of the fact you've been
around you've done so much the people
will turn to you and say hey you this is
a person with real life experience you
you really have done things yeah it done
some stuff when you start talking about
pushing you start talking about pushing
yourself people understand this is
coming from life experience this is real
and that's the different that's why it's
it resonates with people it resonates
with people because it's all
santak oh man that's a high compliment I
appreciate that thanks it definitely is
raise a lot of people they're listening
to this that know you that are not in
their head right now and appreciation
and understanding they know what we're
saying
they know that when you when you you
fire me the fuck up dude this video I
get fired up exact high praise right
it's not just me man's a lot of other
people so but that must have led a lot
of people to come to you Jim yeah I get
people from I go I guarantee that I'm
gonna be the on Wednesday night because
people come all the time expect me to be
at the gym 24 hours
where's the gym it's in Signal Hill
California and it's iron addicts right
iron at extreme signal kappa fornia and
there's a rumor that we're gonna be
opening up another one here pretty soon
where we haven't decided yet probably
you know that's that's a possibility
people need a hardcore gym out here that
is a possibility
what are you thinking we're an area
where people can afford the membership
that's what we're thinking you know cuz
where I'm at now do I tell you I could
make a lot more money but I you know
first responders firemen policemen all
vets paramedics they trained at the gym
for free good feel and I'll turn to
nothing me that's amazing
I suppose I could do I think it's at
least I keep that beautiful and so yeah
I could paid more money but that's
something when I choose to do good for
you yeah but yeah we think it might open
up another one you know our area where
people got some money well when you do
man let me know and I'll get that
bat-signal up in the sky oh thank you I
really appreciate that all my pleasure
brother I was so fucking excited when I
say he did some I somebody seen it first
when my kids see me FERC is there all
the time on social media
hey dad dad look at you look it's
fuck that's cool I was happy for you to
see that your posters hanging up yeah
I'm blue Joe Rogan's got my poster
hanging up in this room that's cool so
you're there every Wednesday every
Wednesday night and that's when the gym
is pretty packed and Wednesday night we
do a live workout and people don't you
take people through this workout oh yeah
if they come on Wednesday nights I've
trained people you know I it's on
Wednesday nights absolutely free I'm
obviously that's another lyric I have
people come over on Wednesday nights
they train for absolutely free all you
got to do is sign the waiver so if you
get fucked up it's on you you don't try
to sing in it like that but if you come
on Wednesday night sign a waiver it's
absolutely free that's amazing yeah my
yell and scream Adam called me a
motherfucking people motherfucker since
the fifth grade for nothing Manny
isn't that weird yeah and now they want
me call my motherfucking you now I'm on
a cameo cameo and on the cameo Deacon
for 25 bucks our customer oh that's a
and because 25 bucks I'll cuss him out
and I'm like damn I just cussed me file
for nothing today really wish my wish me
happy fucking birthday CD now with some
happy birthday or whatever the fuck they
want right five bucks man that's very
reasonable
yeah yeah you said me more in a snap I
couldn't make it cheaper so more people
can afford to do it I don't owe my
customer I would say you got a heart of
gold but you have a new heart yeah so
you got a new heart of gold there but
you really do man the way you look at
things is it's very cool it's very cool
the way you let first responders and
firefighters and veterans work out for
free and the Wednesday night working out
for free and all that your heart is in
the right place your mind is in the
right place that's right that's right
you okay it is man it is so like the
environment around the gym
how much did it change once you started
putting up those videos it's it's the
type of team my team's type of gym that
if you don't you know I gotta say this
we got number two we hadn't goes down as
the favorite horror quote to him in
America is really behind goals damn man
holy shit you can't beat Gold's Gym you
might be number one Gold's Gym number
Thank You one that was a super I feel
like you got first place you can't
really defeat Gold's Gym people coming
you know from from Lithuania CT and we
came we were in town on vacation one
place we wanted to go was your gym Wow I
love that kind of stuff
that's amazing it is so gratifying you
know but it's a it's not Planet Fitness
no it's a hardcore I love the way it
looks
yeah it looks like it's just like a
fucking tornado ramp the weights looks
like they've everybody's been lifted but
see that's your meant at you if you had
that kind of mentality then you love it
yeah you know it's some people going
like it's not my cup of tea then you
want yeah thank goodness there's enough
people like us and what my daughter's
right kids he I think he could you just
put recovered this one dancer I got like
the stuffings coming out and I look it I
want fuck this is perfect it's got like
a patina yeah I like it too man I like
seeing shit that's chipped up a little
bit banged up that's me special view you
gonna go put yourself through hell yeah
you like cars - yeah love car I know you
love cars I love cars
you got a Corvette - yeah 65 I know
man see it's fucking bad-ass - but you
didn't know that I'm a car nut - I do
know your car not we talked about it we
did yeah yeah we get old what do you
have oh I have four Corvettes fuller no
you work for that man and damn have a 65
70 to 74 and a 71 got a c3 c3 yeah
that's yours - oh that one's nice black
with the side pipes as 427 tricolor
that's a beautiful one yeah me too
there's so that's all generation three
right yeah yeah my neighbor's hate that
fucker
mm-hmm I bet that year is amazing those
those are gorgeous cars man yeah no
nothing compared to what you got but you
know I like how I love them I love
Corvettes I like the new ones - I like
all of them
yeah well you got something else besides
a Corvette - I heard about but I haven't
seen I've seen the Corvette but what
else I have a 69 Nova that they're
they're building right now I did yeah
and you you everything's like super new
under its yeah I don't like oh yeah like
what they call rest oh yes oh well the
yellow one I got from the guy was a
plastic surgeon and that was like his
bottom of the lion car but he did
everything to it it's got suspension and
everything and it's a big difference
yeah yeah you know I can try that thing
anywhere but the the black one for 27
track car it's old school old school all
the way and breaks oh no no it's got
disc brakes okay yeah that's what you
got to draw the line yeah yeah gotta
stop gotta be the staff
that fuckers and actually I like I like
shit like that I would mind a restaurant
but I I like the I like oh shit man I
just I like oh houses I like Oaxaca Rico
by character yeah just oh shit I just
yeah I do too
yeah I think this character to old
things yeah it's like either you like it
or you don't like some people do like
everything new and modern and shiny like
when I started making money I started
buying older cars I like older shit you
just have a different feel to them
totally totally totally do and I have a
[Music]
ladies truck get this I got that uh
probably six months ago like a
motherfucker
yeah look at all the patina on that crew
cab 461 crew cab and it came from the
factory a crew cab man Wow expert looks
like me you drive that around at my foot
no I you know what I'm waiting that I am
gonna get to potty work because it's got
some holes in it always pretty beat-up
yeah it's funny though there's something
to that when you look at those old cars
you realize they they don't make
anything like this anymore
no man the style they really put a lot
into style yeah fifties and sixties me
they do now but it just doesn't seem you
look good I got a new Corvette like a
2019 Corvette it's a beautiful car but
you look at that old truck it does not
have what that truck cause it's like it
put it'll put a smile on your face just
driving it man one of my biggest joys is
is sitting behind the wheel of that one
those old cars man it just makes me I
feel like a young motherfucker when I'm
sitting there like a kid yeah like it's
a toy Oh like a ride like you're driving
around on a ride it is yeah it's so much
you pulled to a stop light somehow
fucking little car accident guys give me
a thumbs
I'd be teasing from here to you and you
don't even have to drive those fast
no yeah even that's Corvette you don't
have to every once in a while it's fun
and you know break them loose it's a
real fun to break them loose yeah right
yeah you don't have to drive well for a
powerlifter though it's almost like
mandatory for you to have some sort of a
muscle car yeah I guess it's like it
goes with the territory doesn't like a
big block engine there's you all
somebody got a video you driving by yeah
that's hilarious
do you get recognized a lot you know
more than I you know I'm still shocked
but yeah I go to store hey see I was
walking down the street the other day
Anika hey CD screaming from the car oh
my if you're not a weightlifter and you
don't look at YouTube then you know
that's a lot of people hiding yeah you
know wouldn't even know who the fuck
that was you know it's Rob's that still
shocked by but I get recognized more
than you know more than I thought I
would this Ct Fletcher 2.0 that you're
this life that you're living right now
yes what what is what is different in
like what you're trying to accomplish
oh man the first one you know was me me
me me me and this 2.0 guy is so much
more concerned about other people and
doing something to help somebody else is
so much more important than you know
like my my initial videos you see I
thought you may not know me now but you
will you know this and what this guy
fucked ik I'm I'm King I'm the piece I'm
the baddest one I'm the baddest man on
the planet
and you know as III
III and now I consider myself this new
guy is so insignificant that is not even
funny man just feel weird to have just
completely shifted your consciousness
like that it it does a little weird at
times it feels a little weird like
you're not even you but so much it's me
and I know it's me but I feel so much
better so much better I'm gonna focus on
me you know this this new version this
news is yeah I feel so much better than
I'm trying to bring people together I'm
talking like I have a mission my purpose
is so much greater I'm trying to do some
good the og reflex er that's my mom
that's the lady who kept me from being
completely retarded as a kid
OD reflex your heart foundation you know
I'm charted a nonprofit organization
named my mom and it's people because our
transplant is a theory I mean laughs
people yeah if it was for the army if it
were for me being a fetcher is no way I
could afford a transplant it's a
million-dollar procedure and have a
fucking million dollars show it's so
but there's other even if you have
insurance there's other things that
comes up you know say that the head of
the family has to have a transplant a
heart transplant he's out okay his
medical bills are taking care but but
what about house is wife gonna pay the
the mortgage how she's going right - I
just gonna feed the kids
I started Audrey for the Hart Foundation
to help people with that to help the mom
I'm still at home and still has to pay
the bills and stuff because insurance
doesn't cover everything to help the
people who don't you know and we I mean
I haven't had even had my first event or
anything like that I just paid the
lawyer for to get the name and stuff and
some kid but it's I won't have to start
you guys start somewhere and that start
I had the vision in my head I'm gonna do
something for my mom so her memory you
know go on you know even that problem
dead and gone those reflected Heart
Foundation will still be around I will
do something to honor her because that
woman you know everything I am is
because of her so I want to do something
to honor her I just got all these things
I want to do to help my veterans with
PTSD like I got so many goals and stuff
to live for Joan I don't know what to do
and I don't know how much time I got to
do it I could you know walk out of here
and drop dead I don't know but I'm gonna
be goddamn swear I'm not gonna waste one
second ever I'm gonna be trying I'm on
the Joe Rogan show and I'm talking Joe
Rogan podcast and I'm talking about it
right now so I'm doing something about
it Joe
ways don't know it's beautiful to see
your transformation man it's beautiful
to see this evolution of you as a person
and it's beautiful to see that you got
through this you know terrible scare but
came out a better person oh man yeah
it's something else
we learned the last time we were talking
I said yeah they tell me I need a heart
transplant a heart transplant oh my god
dude are you scared
I know I'm not scared but it's it's
something else man it is it's crazy to
see you a year later yeah now you have
it yep and you're just a different human
man yeah back on hey Joe Thank You Man
thank you thank you much for being you
it was so many people come up to me and
tell me that you know I found out about
you from the Joe Rogan podcast from Joe
Rogan practice that's how I know even
who you are
so this opportunity the opportunity gave
me last time open up so many more doors
man and so to be back on here I can't
thank you enough man this is fan brother
it's my pleasure and for people that are
listening that have never heard you
before or watching you gotta go watch
his videos this is a reason why you got
out in the first place I got so inspired
by your shit and seeing you online with
these these videos and it just shows
your passion and your motivation and
to see you this new person on top of
that still have the passion but now you
there's like this you like this new
enlightened Ct Fletcher it's beautiful
the same man you are people gonna be
good good laughs or that like I could
tell the moment I saw you today it's
like you got a different energy about
you it's really interesting oh man I was
so happy to see you I'm so happy to see
you see this new lease on life you have
oh my god I was just very happy to see
I'm just I'm alive yeah and getting
better every day and getting better is
talking shit and stronger everything
tell people how to get hold you on
social media what is your Instagram your
CT photo calm everything and search them
out on YouTube everything Signal Hill
yarn attics gym and then when you do
open up a new one please let me know let
everybody know where and we'll get there
for the grand opening I love that
motherfucker up hey dr. Dre if you
listening I want to theater man dr. drag
is gonna run that he'll yeah promise you
dr. Dre I'm gonna make it a video
I believe it thank you brother man I
really appreciate I really appreciate Ct
Fletcher ladies and gentlemen
I have no idea
[Applause]
[Music]